,url,article,client
0,https://pspost.co,"Mail a personal card, no matter where you are!
Write your message
Choose a card & type your greeting. We print your words in a handwritten font.
Add a gift card
Select an e-gift card from our curated selection of retailers. We print it as a QR code!
Sit back & relax.
No long lines, no searching for the right card. We print, stamp, and mail your card for you!
Send A Hello They Can Hold
No stamp? No pen?
No problem!
We are the gift-giving-is-our-love-language kind of people. We’ve crouched in drugstore aisles, looking for that perfect card. We’ve waited in long lines to mail our carefully packaged gifts. And we’ve sent that boring e-gift card that got lost in their spam.
We’ve been there.
And we decided to never be there again.",PSPost
1,https://pspost.co/3-examples-of-what-to-write-in-a-graduation-card/,"With every spring comes warmer weather and new beginnings. For many, it’s a time when they will embark on a new stage of life–a new grade in school or starting their first job. Spring graduations can be the perfect time to stop and celebrate not only everything a person has accomplished so far but also all that is in store for them in the future. They call it a commencement because it’s the beginning of something, not the end.
If you are celebrating a 2022 graduate this spring and you’re wondering what to write in a card, take a look at the 3 examples of graduation card messages.
What to write in a card:
For the kiddo graduating from preschool, kindergarten, or elementary school:
Congratulations! I have loved watching you grow up to be such a creative, smart, and fun kid! I am so proud of you, and I can’t wait to see what you will become when you grow up. But don’t grow up too fast! Enjoy being a kid and enjoy today. I love you.
P.S. Let’s go get ice cream to celebrate!
For the Gen Z’er who is graduating High School:
You did it!! Wow, these last few years have been hard on this whole planet, but especially for your generation. With delayed or canceled classes, proms, and school trips, you really went through a lot in your high school career. Think of the stories you’ll be able to tell! I am so proud of you and how you handled the many (so many!) challenges of the last 2+ years, and I’m equally excited to see what you do from here on out. Congratulations!
P.S. I think you’re snatched! (Did I use that word right? I googled it)
For the college graduate:
A big CONGRATS to you!! It seems like just yesterday I was watching you graduate from preschool, and now you’re graduating from college! It has been a true privilege to watch you grow up and now celebrate this next big milestone in your life. I could not be any prouder. Cheers!
P.S. Sorry America still hasn’t done anything about student loan debt
Now wipe away your tears of nostalgia and pride, and get that card in the mail! And with PS Post – mailing greeting cards from your phone or computer is easier than ever!
PS Post is the easiest way to mail cards with gifts – from any device to any mailbox, any time. Simply choose a card, write your personal message, add an e-gift card (we print it as a QR code!), and tell us where to mail it. You’ll have brought so much joy to their day with just a few clicks.
Have the inspiration to write a note to some right now? Here are some of our favorite graduation card designs for the graduate in your life:",PSPost
2,https://pspost.co/3-ways-that-giving-a-gift-is-surprisingly-good-for-you/,"Who doesn’t love the experience of opening a gift from someone, especially when it’s a gift they picked out just for you?
Regardless of whether it’s a gift-giving season or a simply thoughtful occasion, you can’t help but appreciate the sentiment when you’re given a special gift or card.
Brain Booster
It’s been proven that one gift impact for the person giving the gift is an increase in a bunch of chemicals that actually make you happier. Endorphins, serotonin, and dopamine are just a few. You know what they say–If you’re happy and you know it, send a gift!
Heart Healthy
Gift-giving from the heart is actually *good* for your heart! It’s good for your whole body, in fact! Giving someone “gifts for keeps” (aka things that won’t collect dust in their closets) can help to lower blood pressure and even help reduce anxiety!
Good Vibes
True benevolent gift-giving means you don’t expect a gift back in return, but karma has a way of rewarding thoughtful gestures anyway. Who knows, maybe you’ll be on the receiving end of a gift sometime in the future.
P.S. At PS Post, we can confirm that it feels oh-so-good to give gifts and cards–we get to do it all day every day! Check out our card and gift card options at PSPost.co, and experience the joys of gift giving firsthand!
P.S.S. The bee seed packet in the featured photo comes from The Peoples Bees’ unique blend of native pollinator flower seeds. The seeds are sourced from a small, independent, Colorado-based seed producer, and the flowers and grasses in the mixture are all native to North America (specifically the Rocky Mountain region). Learn more about The Peoples Bees work at www.thepeoplesbees.com.",PSPost
3,https://pspost.co/about/,"We exist to make personal connection easy so that people feel valued and remembered – in the special occasions and the everyday.
PS Post mails beautifully designed, personalized greeting cards and e-gifts.
We’ve sat down in the aisle at the drugstore, looking for that perfect card; we’ve waited in long lines to mail our carefully packaged gifts that we *hope* make it safe and sound; and we’ve sent that boring e-gift card that got lost in someone’s spam. We’ve been there… and we decided to never be there again. That’s why we created PS Post!
Sustainability is at the heart of everything we do.
Living in Colorado and enjoying the incredible beauty of this great world has given us a deep sense of commitment to sustainability and responsible consumption. We care about our planet and we know you do too; so we are always working to make our products and process as sustainable as possible.
Reducing Plastic
Traditional gift cards often aren’t recyclable because they’re usually made of plastic that can’t be broken down; we’re here to change that. The printed QR code in our cards, your gift, keep those plastic gift cards from even having to be made.
Using Recycled Papers
The physical cards that you’ll send (and hopefully receive) are made using 100% recycled paper to help reduce waste and greenhouse emissions.",PSPost
4,https://pspost.co/april-2023-holidays/,"April is the perfect month for expressing yourself through the age-old art of letter writing! It’s National Card & Letter Writing Month, and April has a lot of holidays to commemorate with a heartfelt note.
Whether it’s Easter, Earth Day, or Administrative Professionals Day, there’s always a reason to send a thoughtful message. But the best reason to send a card? It’s good for both you and your recipient! Personal notes can increase mindfulness, improve relationships, and induce happiness.
So, why not take the time this month to show your appreciation to your loved ones and friends through thoughtful cards?
The post below includes a list April holidays and offers suggestions on what to write in a card for the day.
April Holidays
Passover
Passover is a Jewish celebration that commemorates liberation from enslavement. It is considered one of the holiest days of the calendar and is celebrated from sundown on April 5, 2023 to sundown April 12, 2023
What to Write in a Happy Passover card
Appropriate Passover Card Sayings:
- “Chag Pesach Sameach!” (Happy Passover)
- “Thinking of you and wishing you peace this Passover.”
- “A Sweet and meaningful Passover to You”
Easter
Easter is a Christian holiday that celebrates the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus. The week preceding is known as Holy Week. This year, Easter falls on Sunday, April 9.
What to Write in an Easter card
Appropriate Easter Card Messages:
- “Happy Easter to you and yours!”
- “Some bunny loves you lots. (It’s me. I’m some bunny.)”
- “May your Easter celebrations bring you renewed hope and the promise of brighter days.”
Taurus Season
Taurus Season lasts from April 20 – May 19 when the Sun moves into the sign of Taurus. You know it’s Taurus season when spring seems to be charging in like a bull! The flowers are in full bloom and the sun is shining bright.
While Taureans are known for being grounded and practical, they really love the finer things in life, so be sure to indulge them on their special day.
Send a Taurus Birthday Card: Ways to say “Happy Birthday to my Favorite Taurus.”
For a fun birthday card message, indulge their love of luxury and tell them how much they deserve to be pampered.
Feeling sassy? Add a cheeky nod to their personality! “You may be stubborn like a bull, but that just means you never back down from a challenge. Here’s to another year of reaching new heights and tackling anything that comes your way.” They’ll appreciate the love and a little bit of humor on their big day!
Earth Day
Earth Day 2023 is on Saturday, April 22
Earth Day is a day to celebrate the planet we call home. It is a day bring awareness to the environmental issues that threaten the health of our one and only planet.
While we acknowledge the challenges we collectively face in preserving and protecting our planet are bigger than individual actions, Earth Day also serves as a reminder to be more conscious of our relationship with the planet, both as individuals and as a whole. We can recommit to small actions in our personal lives to reduce, reuse, and recycle.
Bill Nye once said, “To leave the world better than you found it, sometimes you have to pick up other people’s trash.”
Remember, your actions matter. Every small step you take towards a more sustainable lifestyle can make a big impact on our planet.
Want to get a jump on sending Earth Day Cards? This Earth Day Greeting Card is one is our favorites.
Administrative Professionals Day – 4/26
Administrative Professionals Day is Wednesday, April 26, 2023.
Administrative professionals are the gatekeepers. They keep the lights on, the team on schedule, and the office running. they’re sometimes the friendly first-face that clients experience. Their work behind-the-scenes allows more, better work to happen.
What to Write in an Administrative Professionals Day Card:
Start with a heartfelt thank you. A sincere message of gratitude for their hard work and dedication goes a long way. Make sure to acknowledge their specific contributions, and highlight specific ways in which they have made a difference. Remember, a personal touch goes a long way in making someone feel appreciated, so try to make your message as sincere and heartfelt as possible.
More Fun Holidays in April
Jackie Robinson Day, World Art Day
April 15
Jackie Robinson was the first Black baseball player to play professionally in Major League Baseball (MLB) when he was signed by the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947
Why are we celebrating Jackie Robinson Day at PS Post? Aside from being avid baseball fans, there are some strong connections to the mail! Only 30 baseball players have been featured on a USPS stamp.
Unlike the other 29 players who have been on a stamp, Jackie Robinson has had 3 stamps bearing his likeness
Tax Day, Haiku Poetry Day
April 18
Tax deadlines looming.
We hope you get a refund
and not a big bill.
World Book Day
April 23
Robin Williams once said, “No matter what anyone tells you, words and ideas can change the world.”
Books Rock. What better way to celebrate World Book Day than with a surprise gift card to Bookshop.org?!
We love Bookshop.org and are proud to offer Bookshop.org gift cards as a gift option inside PS Post greeting cards. Bookshop is an online bookstore that supports independent bookstores across the United States and has a wide selection of books for all ages and interests.
April is a month filled with holidays and celebrations that you can use as an opportunity to connect with friends, family, and colleagues, and PS Post is here to help you create meaningful connections through the power of personal notes. Whether it’s Easter, Earth Day, or Administrative Professionals Day, there’s always a reason to send a thoughtful message or gift.
Cards for April
About PS Post
What’s a small gesture that can make a big impact? Sending a personalized card! A personal note, no matter how brief, is a great way to show your appreciation and connect with loved ones, even if you can’t be together in person.
With PS Post, it’s easy to mail a personalized greeting card from your phone or computer. A heartfelt message can brighten anyone’s day and let them know that you’re thinking of them. Want to make it a gift and a card all in one? Add a gift card to your card — the e-gift card is printed as a QR code inside your card.",PSPost
5,https://pspost.co/aries-birthday-ideas/,"Looking for fun ways to celebrate your Aries friend or family member’s birthday? Here, we explore Aries’ personality traits, recommend unique gifts and birthday cards that reflect their interests, and suggest ideas on what to write in a birthday card.
Plus… our 5 favorite messages to write in a birthday card to an Aries!
All About Aries: Aries Personality Traits
Aries season lasts from March 21st to April 19th. As the zodiac sign that heralds the beginning of spring, Aries are known for their fiery and trailblazing qualities.
Aries is ruled by Mars, the planet of war and aggression. That may sound a little intense, but it’s not necessarily about fighting! Rather, Mars’ influence means our Aries friends have a strong drive and fierce determination to move forward.
Aries are known for their confident and straightforward behavior. They say what they mean and mean what they say, which makes them reliable and honest friends. If you’re an Aries, you know that you’re a natural-born leader who tackles problems without hesitation.
Ever a trailblazer, Aries love to experiment and never backs down from a challenge. Many Aries have an strong “can-do” attitude. This intensity may be overbearing for some, but it’s that same fervor that propels them to success.
Like their symbol the Ram, Aries don’t give up easily (if at all!) and will see things through to the very end.
Aries birthday gift ideas
If you’re looking for a gift to pair with your Aries birthday card, consider something that fuels their drive and passion. Anything that requires competition, speed, or physical activity will be appreciated by an Aries. Aries love trying new things and exploring new territory. Think of adventure and experience-based gifts, or a gift to stimulate their mind.
What to Write in a Birthday Card to an Aries
Happy Birthday Aries!
Show your Aries friend or loved one how much you appreciate their bold and courageous personality. Aries are a force to be reckoned with, and their birthday is the perfect time to celebrate their enviable spirit.
Here are a few sample messages to get you started:
- Happy Birthday to my favorite fire-starting Aries! Wishing you a day full of adventure and energy.
- To my fearless Aries friend, may this birthday be one for the books! Cheers to another year of reaching new heights and taking on the world with your unstoppable nature.
- Happy Birthday to the most passionate Aries I know! Keep shining bright and never lose that fierce spirit.
- Wishing my beloved Aries a special day filled with all the things that make you feel alive! May this year bring you endless opportunities to be your bold and brilliant self.
- Happy Birthday to the Aries who always keeps it real! Here’s to a day filled with laughter, fun, and all the things that light you up.
Don’t forget to add a personal touch by writing a message that reflects your understanding of their sign and your bond with them. With the right words and sentiments, you can make their special day even more memorable and magical.
Our Favorite Birthday Cards for an Aries
If you have an Aries friend or family member with a birthday coming up, it’s time to celebrate their fiery spirit & zest for life with a special birthday card (like one of the zodiac cards from PS Post!).
Aries birthdays are important to them, so make sure to send your card now or schedule it to be delivered near their birthday!
Mail a Birthday Card with PS Post
This year, make their birthday extra special by celebrating their lively and trailblazing attitude with a card from PS Post.
PS Post is an easy and convenient way to send personalized cards and gifts to the people who matter most. With PS Post, you can mail a heartfelt greeting card and gift with just a few clicks. Our scheduling feature makes it easy to write a card when you remember. We’ll mail it on the day of your choosing.
Add an e-gift card to your message, so your loved one receives a gift along with your heartfelt words. We print the gift card on a QR code, so your recipient gets a card and a gift, all in a stunning envelope that stands out from the rest.
Our eco-friendly cards are made with 100% recycled paper and come in a variety of beautiful designs to suit any occasion.
With a variety of designs ranging from Zodiac birthday cards and funny NSFW birthday cards to classic birthday messages, PS Post has a card for your favorite person with an April birthday.",PSPost
6,https://pspost.co/best-birthday/,"Wondering how to surprise someone on their birthday?
Celebrate them the way they want to be celebrated of course!
The way you want your birthday celebrated is so important.
When we were growing up, my brother and I had completely opposite approaches to celebrating our birthdays.
I love my birthday. My best friend & I have celebrated half birthdays every year since we were 6 years old. I wanted a birthday week —better yet— a whole month.
My brother is like the character Ron Swanson (from the show Parks & Rec) when it comes to his birthday. It’s a sacred day — to not receive any attention whatsoever. The only time he wants the spotlight is when he is performing his music solo or with a band. I’ll probably get a call from him for even mentioning his birthday in a public blog (sorry bro!!! ily!).
An accurate comparison of how differently my brother and I celebrate ⤵️
Me:
My brother:
At PS Post, we believe the best way to honor someone’s birthday is to celebrate them how they want to be celebrated.
We’re expanding our birthday card selection so you can send a card that suits them best. Take a look at some of our newest birthday cards below!
spotlight: new cards
sentimental birthday cards, contemporary birthday cards, and unique greeting cards
For that someone who loves cheerful party decorations:
For the person who brightens your day, no matter what:
For someone who appreciates a simple birthday card and classic message:
Birthday wishes across the miles- birthday card etiquette
Birthdays are such a wonderful moment to put your loved one front and center (physically or metaphorically, of course!). How do they feel most loved? Most appreciated?
Share a favorite memory between the two of you, or celebrate one of their best character traits! Remember – even a simple “I’m thinking of you today,” can go a long way.
How to send a birthday card in the mail
We all want to know how to make birthday cards easy, especially for long distance birthday celebration ideas. PS Post is here to make sending personalized greeting cards a breeze.
With PS Post, simply choose your favorite card, write your message, add a gift card if you want, and then tell us where to mail your card! Send real mail, ordered right from your phone.
More birthday cards to choose from:
So what card did I send my brother this year? Hint: it was a unique birthday cards for him, though not a birthday card!
Tossing confetti in your direction,
The PS Post team
P.S. You deserve a little break. Might we suggest taking a few minutes to wiggle along to this birthday-related musical banger? We guarantee you’ll smile! (Note: positive message, NSFW lyrics).",PSPost
7,https://pspost.co/blog/,"Our new sign & send experience has arrived!
💌 Schedule send, card previews, & more! 💌
No products in the cart.
Holidays & Celebrations
Mother’s Day can be a joyous holiday... but it can also bring about a lot...
Express yourself this National Card & Letter Writing Month! Celebrate April holidays with thoughtful messages....
Gift Giving Holidays & Celebrations
The ultimate Aries birthday guide. Get inspired by Aries personality traits, unique gift ideas, and...
Gift Giving
How to make employees feel valued? It's the little things that make employees feel appreciated....
About PS Post
Life can get in the way of our best intentions. I wanted an easier...
Friendships & Relationships Gift Giving
Birthdays are a perfect opportunity to love your person the way they want to be...
Holidays & Celebrations Writing Tips & Inspiration
Spring graduations can be the perfect time to stop and celebrate not only everything a...
Gift Giving Writing Tips & Inspiration
A simple “I admire your work ethic” can go a long way. We’ve compiled a...
It's easy to let something get in between you and someone's birthday. Whether you missed...
Regardless of whether it’s gift giving season or a simply thoughtful occasion, you can’t help...
Happy Galentine’s Day messages can be anything you want but don’t worry, we’re here to...
If your Galentine’s are separated by time and space, send them a Galentine’s gift that...
Sign up for the PS Post newsletter and stay in the loop on product releases, special offers, heartwarming stories, and more.
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?",PSPost
8,https://pspost.co/business/,"PS Post for Business
Easily send personalized cards to your partners, employees, and clients
Easily send personalized cards to your partners, employees, and clients
We take gifting and correspondence off your hands, helping you maintain strong relationships with a service that is personal, yet efficient.
Pick a card from our extensive catalogue and add your personal message!
We can print your message in a handwriting font or use your real handwriting or signature.
Want to send more than a card? We offer the option to add one of several digital gifting experiences, which we print inside the card on a unique QR code.
Approve proofs of your final order, securely share your recipient list, and you’re done!
We’ll print, stuff, stamp, and mail your cards to all your recipients.
It’s the special time of year when we pause and say thank you for another season around the sun! Send your list a PS Post card + gift this year!
Birthdays are special. Make it memorable with a PS Post card. Make it easy on you with our recurring service option.
Everyone deserves to be remembered in the special occassions, and the every day. Send a PS Post card as a reminder that you’re thinking about them.
We can manage your recurring correspondence, so you have more time in your day to do what you do best.
Please fill out the form below and a member of PS Post’s team will be in touch within two business days.
Thank you!",PSPost
9,https://pspost.co/cards/,"1
Choose a card for the occasion
5×7″ cards, 100% recycled paper
2
Add an (optional) e-gift card and sign a personal message.
we’ll print it inside of the card
3
Sit back and relax, knowing your gift is in the mail!
PS Post to USPS to the mailbox!
5×7″ cards, 100% recycled paper
we’ll print it inside of the card
PS Post to USPS to the mailbox!",PSPost
10,https://pspost.co/checkout/shipping-addresses/,"Our new sign & send experience has arrived!
💌 Schedule send, card previews, & more! 💌
No products in the cart.
No address on file. Please add one below.
Import billing address
Import shipping address
First name *
Last name *
Company name (optional)
Country / Region *United States (US)
Street address *
Apartment, suite, unit, etc. (optional)
Town / City *
State *
ZIP Code *
Phone (optional)
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?",PSPost
11,https://pspost.co/everything-you-wanted-to-know-about-qr-codes/,"So much has changed in our day-to-day lives since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic; among those changes is a new focus on a contactless economy. Thanks to innovations in technology and a resurgence of the QR code, it’s hard to even remember a time when we exchanged paper tickets for events, handed paper menus back to our servers, and used cash for most of our purchases. Before the start of the pandemic, the question was “does anyone still use QR codes?” and now we are looking at a QR code future. Read below for answers for some of the most common questions including details about QR code products and QR code shopping.
What does QR Code mean?
– A QR (short for Quick Response) code stores its information in the distance between the squares within the code. Once a machine scans the assortment of elements, it is translated into data. Most QR codes expire, but some can be modified to remain permanent.
How to use QR Codes?
– It’s easy! Open the “camera” app on your smartphone
– Point the camera at a QR code
– Tap on the “scan QR code” icon or link notification that appears
What are the advantages of QR Codes?
– QR code benefits span far and wide, from saving paper waste to preventing the spread of germs and viruses. QR code adoption can mean important information is one click away from being displayed on someone’s personal cellular device.
How do I use a QR code for business?
– There are countless ways for businesses to interact with customers, receive feedback, and increase brand engagement by using QR code technology. A QR code can link to an advertisement, discount code, or website, thereby driving customers and clients directly to the business.
What are some products with QR codes?
– It is so easy to add a QR code to a flyer, sign, or mailer. If you’re creating a menu, you can even use a free QR code generator for restaurant menus to help you out.
Now that you know the FAQs for QR codes, give it a try! Do a quick search for a “free QR code generator” and try your hand at some creative uses for the codes.
P.S. At PS Post, we *love* QR codes! You could say we are QR greeting cards! It’s how we attach gift cards to the cards we send out without using single-use plastic gift card material (which can’t be recycled, by the way). Take a look at some of the cards and gift card options we have available at PSPost.co!",PSPost
12,https://pspost.co/faq/,"Frequently Asked Questions
About PS Post’s Service
Q: Do I need to create a login and password to send a PS Post card?
A: We want to make gifting super simple, so we let folks mail cards with PS Post with or without creating an account. Creating an account with us means you only have to enter your addresses once — we save them to your address book.
Q: How much do your cards cost?
A: Every hand-crafted card is $6.99, plus whatever amount you would like to put on a gift card. That includes the stamp and trip to the Post Office (time is money, baby!)
Q: What is the dimensions of a PS Post greeting card?
A: 5” x 7” – perfect for your fridge or a frame!
Q: What if I want to send a gift card to a retailer that isn’t on the list?
A: We’re adding new retailers all the time! Have one in particular in mind? Send us an email at in**@ps****.co!
Q: Why don’t you offer Amazon gift cards?
A: Unfortunately, Amazon does not allow third-parties to sell their gift cards.
Q: How can I add a customary monetary amount to my gift card?
A: We have a lot of features up our sleeve just ready to be built. This is one! Thanks for your patience!
Q: What are your hours of operation?
A: We’re hard at work from 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM Mountain Time, Monday-Friday, and 9:00-1:00 on Saturday
About My Order
Q: How do I know if my order has gone through?
A: You’ll be getting an order confirmation email from us right away, and another when it has been sent! You can always check back on our Order History page to check the status.
Q: How long will it take for my card to arrive?
A: Once you order a card from our website, we get right to work printing and mailing it to your loved one within 1 business day. We mail all cards via USPS First-Class Mail, which typically takes 2-5 business days for delivery.
Q: How do I cancel an order?
A: We are happy to cancel and refund your order before we begin processing the order. Unfortunately, once the order has been processed, we cannot cancel it.
Q: Can I send a card internationally?
A: Unfortunately, not at this time. While we could easily send the card with an international stamp, many companies have different international sales systems, so spending the gift cards gets a little tricky. But we’re working on this so that you soon can!
Q: I don’t live in the United States but I want to mail a card to someone in the US. Can I do that?
A: Yes! PS Post is perfect for expats & anyone outside the States with friends or family here. Write your card, add a gift card if you’d like, and we will mail it to them!
Q: Will I get a confirmation that the card was delivered?
A: Unfortunately, the USPS doesn’t allow you to track individual cards. If the card is not delivered, it will be returned to the return address—yours!
Q: What happens if my card is returned to my return address?
A: Oops! Then there’s likely an address issue. Send us an email at in**@ps****.co and we’ll send a new card to the updated address right away at no cost to you. We’ll also send you a code to send your next card on us!
QR Codes
Q: What is a QR code?
A: A QR code is a two-dimensional, multifunctional version of a barcode. Unlike a bar code, which requires a fancy scanner found in stores, you can use your mobile device to take a picture of the code.
Q: How do I use a QR code?
A: Open the camera on your mobile device, position your phone like you’re about to take a picture, and voila! A banner will appear at the top of your screen to direct you to the custom web address. Scanning a QR code from a PS Post card will reveal a specially selected electronic gift card.
Q: Will the QR code work on all devices?
A: Most devices have an integrated QR Code reader built in so you can access through the camera. All iPhones updated to iOS 11 can point their camera and scan away. Android 9 and Android 10 have a built-in QR code scanner courtesy of Google Lens. Open your camera app and point it at the QR code to see a URL pop-up. Android 7.0 and below require an app to scan QR codes.
If the lucky gift-getter does not have a QR code-read-phone, no worries! There are a plethora of apps that are easy to download and use with a touch of a button. Here’s a list of some of the best QR reader apps.
Q: Can I still send a gift if my recipient doesn’t use a smartphone?
Miscellaneous
Q: Who can I contact with additional questions?
A: Click the “Contact Us” button at the bottom of this screen. We’re here to help!
Q: I have suggestions or ideas for new cards! Who do I contact?
A: We’d love to hear from you! Drop us a comment or DM on Instagram or Twitter, and let’s talk!
Q: My question hasn’t been answered here! What do I do?
A: Fear not! Email us at in**@ps****.co",PSPost
13,https://pspost.co/forgot-a-birthday/,"Sorry I Missed Your Birthday…
What to do when you forget someone’s big day
We’ve all done it. The heart-sinking realization when it clicks: “I forgot my best friend’s birthday” or “oh my god, I forgot my girlfriend’s birthday what do I do?”
It is the WORST feeling.
Seeing birthdays on Facebook is great, unless you’re one of the many people who have essentially stopped using Facebook.
And between new phones, email calendars, lost backups, or just – *gestures everywhere* – life itself, it’s easy to let something get in between you and the special day for someone you care about.
How to make it up to someone for a missed birthday
Let’s talk about late birthday wishes.
There are several different kinds of “not wishing someone happy birthday” . There are the people that you’d probably text after writing on their Facebook wall or posting a comment on their celebratory Instagram. Next, there are the people you would call or send a happy birthday card to. Finally the “oh sh*t” people that you can absolutely, positively NOT forget their birthdays.
Please see the very informative chart below.
Facebook DM or Text: The “happy day after your birthday” message
For the first circle, your journey is going to be a little bit easier. “Sorry we missed your birthday” is a lot easier to say to a friend you see occasionally than it is to say when you forgot your girlfriends birthday.
These are the kind of people that you can send a text or dm saying “happy day after your birthday” or “I hope you had a great birthday” because you are still taking the time to recognize their birthday and let them know that you are thinking of them, even if you didn’t happen to think of them on their actual birthday.
They’ll appreciate the thought and likely will be able to spend more time replying than they would on their actual birthday because they aren’t inundated with so many messages.
Sending a card or giving them a call
The second circle is where things get a little more complicated.
You can send a belated birthday card, or a late birthday card. Though you may find yourself asking “what does Happy Belated Birthday mean?”
To put it simply, belated means something is late or delayed, like your amazon order or your one friend with ADHD who can never show up on time, and is the Emily Post approved way of saying “sorry for the late birthday wishes”.
So now you’ve got your belated birthday card (or you can send just a regular birthday card and let them know in your message that yes, this is a better late than never happy birthday, we’ll link our favorites below) and you’re wondering what to write in a belated birthday card.
What to Write in a Belated Birthday Card
Keep it simple. Forgetting a birthday is not a crime – it happens – and this circle of friends or family will be more understanding and won’t need elaborate excuses. Something as simple as sorry I missed your birthday will do.
The key here is that this is still a card for them and to them.
Don’t waste precious space drawing attention to your forgetfulness, now is the time to appreciate them!
We love to write about a favorite memory, story, or even just tell them what you like about them.
You can still make someone feel special (and you WILL) just by sending a card at all.
Now that we know what to say in a belated birthday card, let’s move on to the next circle where we’ll discuss how to make up for forgetting a birthday.
How to Make Up for Forgetting a Birthday – Thoughtful Options for Your Inner Circle aka the “Oh Sh*t” tier
We’ve reached the “oh sh*t” circle of birthday forgetting. Like, “I forgot my wifes birthday” bad.
This is the kind of forgetting that is going to take some explaining.
Luckily, for this instance only, we are living in an EXTREMELY long unprecedented time and historical event. Things are tough right now, for everyone. We are all having to save space for the people we love who are also struggling with the pandemic and everything else. This is the time when you’ll be asking for that space and that forgiveness.
Again, be honest. Let them know that you screwed up and you are sorry. We’d advise against long, drawn-out excuses. They don’t want to hear about the long conference at work, the traffic, or the dissociative state you’ve been in. They probably already know and hopefully will consider that!
thoughtful gifts for your closest people
You should try to do or find something that is completely them. This is where thoughtful gifts or hangouts really shine.
Does this person love books and coffee? Take them to a bookstore and let them wander and pick some of the books they’ve been eyeing – your treat. Then go to their favorite coffee spot or the one they’ve been wanting to try and let them tear into that new book with you by their side.
Does this person have a drink or snack that they can never be without? Buy them that drink or snack IN BULK and give it to them.
The point is to let them know that you see them and that you know them, and you like them even more for it. This is not the time for a sorry I missed your birthday card, it’s time to pull out all of the stops.
P.S. You Got This!
Whether you missed it by a few hours or a few weeks, we believe in you. Know you’ve got this (and that you’ve added their birthday to your calendar – with a reminder!).
At PS Post, birthday cards are kind of our thing–whether they are sent in advance or after that “oh sh*t” moment. Take a look at some of our favorite cards for belated birthdays below!
Our Favorite Happy Birthday Cards
Write your message on your phone or computer. We mail your personalized card for you!",PSPost
14,https://pspost.co/friendships-and-relationships/,"Friendships & Relationships, Gift GivingThe Best Way to Celebrate a Birthday Posted on August 24, 2022April 11, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Birthdays are a perfect opportunity to love your person the way they want to be celebrated. Check out our favorite birthday tips and what to avoid! Continue reading →",PSPost
15,https://pspost.co/gift-giving/,"Gift Giving, Holidays & CelebrationsZodiac Spotlight: Best Ways to Celebrate an Aries Birthday Posted on April 3, 2023April 14, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble The ultimate Aries birthday guide. Get inspired by Aries personality traits, unique gift ideas, and our favorite personalized birthday cards & messages Continue reading →",PSPost
16,https://pspost.co/help/,"Help
Stuck? Help is on the way!
Q: How do I use a QR code?
A: Open the camera on your mobile device, position your phone like you’re about to take a picture, and voila! A banner will appear at the top of your screen to direct you to the custom web address. Scanning a QR code from a PS Post card will reveal a specially selected electronic gift card.
Q: Will the QR code work on all devices?
A: Most devices have an integrated QR Code reader built in so you can access through the camera. All iPhones updated to iOS 11 can point their camera and scan away. Android 9 and Android 10 have a built-in QR code scanner courtesy of Google Lens. Open your camera app and point it at the QR code to see a URL pop-up. Android 7.0 and below require an app to scan QR codes.
If the lucky gift-getter does not have a QR code-read-phone, no worries! There are a plethora of apps that are easy to download and use with a touch of a button. Here’s a list of some of the best QR reader apps.
Q: Can I still send a gift if my recipient doesn’t use a smartphone?
A: Yes! You can even use your computer’s camera to scan your QR code using this service!
Q: My question hasn’t been answered here! What do I do?",PSPost
17,https://pspost.co/holidays-and-celebrations/,"Express yourself this National Card & Letter Writing Month! Celebrate April holidays with thoughtful messages. From Passover to Administrative Professionals Day, PS Post has you covered with card-writing suggestions that make a big impact.
Happy Galentine’s Day messages can be anything you want but don’t worry, we’re here to guide you. Finding the right words can be tough, especially when you are looking for the best way to tell someone how much they mean to you.",PSPost
18,https://pspost.co/how-to-thank-your-boss-without-looking-like-a-suck-up/,"Expressing gratitude at work, especially to coworkers and employees, is always a good idea. A simple “I admire your work ethic” can go a long way. But what if you respect your boss, and you want to let them know without it coming across like you are only being complimentary for your own benefit?
How do you demonstrate gratitude at work toward your boss without looking like a suck up or making your coworkers roll their eyes? Here are some ways to show gratitude at work that will make your boss feel recognized and appreciated:
Be Specific
Write an email or card that details what you are thankful for. Start out with “I admire your work” or “I feel grateful to work with you” and add details about instances when you felt supported. Maybe your boss is an expert at dealing with difficult coworkers or they coordinate going away gifts for coworkers–whatever it is you admire or appreciate at your boss, let them know it! The more specific the better!
Don’t go overboard
If you are giving your boss or manager a gift, make sure it’s not too extravagant, or you might run the risk of making them uncomfortable with how much you spent. Chances are that they know how much money you make and giving them an expensive gift might send the wrong message. A gift card to their favorite local coffee shop or a small plant for their desk is an appropriately sized gift for a boss.
Make it personal
If you have seen signs your coworkers are intimidated by you, you might not want to make it worse by showering your boss with praise in front of them. There are many types of coworkers, and if you have jealous or bossy coworkers, it might be best to thank your boss privately.
If you are wondering if you should acknowledge your boss and the help and support they offer you, we say go for it!
By following these tips, your boss will feel appreciated without you looking like you’re gunning for a raise or a promotion. After all, everyone appreciates a Thank You!
P.S. You Got this!
At PS Post, sending Thank You notes is one of our favorite ways to express gratitude. We make sending a thank you card easy, plus you can add a thank you gift card without having to make a separate errand. Check out some of our favorite thank you cards below:",PSPost
19,https://pspost.co/how-to-write-love-letters/,"Who doesn’t love receiving a love letter from someone they care about? Whether it’s a note of gratitude for a small favor or a good morning love letter that kicks off a feel-good day, it’s easy to read a love note and feel cherished and appreciated. What’s not so easy is coming up with love letter ideas and actually putting pen to paper.
If you’re reading this and thinking, “What do I write in a romantic love letter to my wife or partner?,” “What’s the secret sauce in the love letters of great men?,” or “What should I write in a letter to my boyfriend on his birthday?” Try some of the tips and tricks below.
1. Don’t Stress
If you are wondering how to make love letters by hand or how to write love letters, remember that it truly is the thought that counts (really!). It doesn’t matter if your message is reminiscent of famous letters written by poets or if you prefer to write and send your love letters online; what matters is that you have taken time out of your day to tell someone they are special to you.
2. Find a Balance
The best love letters are both a little sweet and a little salty. Don’t be afraid to be vulnerable by writing something heartfelt, and don’t shy away from a silly inside joke. This simple combination will help you write a love letter that will prompt a smile, laugh, or happy tear.
3. Sign it with love
Once you have finished writing your message and it’s time to sign it, don’t forget to sign it with love. If you are sending love letters long distance, a simple “I can’t wait to see you soon” reminds your special someone that you miss them. When in doubt, “I love you so much” never seems to go out of style.
The most important part of a love letter is the part when you actually send it. So send it! Life is short and taking the time to communicate your love for someone is always the right move.
P.S. At PS Post, our goal is to foster greater connectivity through messages of encouragement, celebration, and love. Card writing and sending is our love language, and we would love to help you spread your message! Some of our favorite “I love you cards” include “I love you more than winning an argument” and “You’re the hottest person I know.” Check out these cards and more at PSPost.co!",PSPost
20,https://pspost.co/meaningful-employee-appreciation-ideas/,"Our Favorite Ideas for Employee Appreciation Gifts
Plus: top 3 tips of what to write in an employee appreciation card
Monday, February 27, 2023[7 min read]
Heads up to all employers, managers, team leaders, and small business owners!
Employee Appreciation Day is Friday, March 3!
When was the last time someone recognized you for your efforts? We hope it was recently. It feels good when someone sees your hard work & lets you know!
Employees, too, want to be noticed! “Recognition at Work” is regularly listed as a top factor in employee satisfaction and retention. Through meaningful recognition and appreciation, managers can cultivate a more positive work culture where employees feel valued and respected.
While employees need to know that their hard work is noticed and appreciated throughout the year, Employee Appreciation Day is a prime opportunity to show your employees how much you value their hard work and contributions to the company. Celebrating your employees authentically and meaningfully is one of the best ways to create a positive work culture and increase employee satisfaction.
How to Show Employees You Care: Meaningful Recognition
When it comes to showing appreciation, authenticity is key. Employees are more likely to recognize and appreciate genuine efforts of recognition than those that seem forced or disingenuous.
Over the course of our careers, our team members have received some very nice employee appreciation gifts … as well as a few strange ones! (One of our team members once received old promotional swag from another company that was found in a storage closet!)
There are many ways to make employees feel appreciated, but the most memorable (and positive!) employee appreciation days we’ve experienced all have one thing in common – authenticity.
The business of business is relationships; the business of life is human connection.
– Robin S. Sharma
One simple but easy way to connect with your employees and show your appreciation? Greeting cards. Writing personalized cards to your employees is a cost-effective but highly meaningful way to demonstrate your appreciation.
If you’re wondering how to make employees feel valued, imagine getting a personal note from your boss calling out ways you add value to the organization. How important would that make you feel? Writing employee appreciation thank you cards can go a long way in building or strengthening a working relationship!
Best Employee Appreciation Gifts Ideas
Want to give staff appreciation gifts to show your gratitude? We’re here to help you with top-tier employee appreciation gift ideas. Employee Appreciation Day is a great opportunity to thank your employees with a small token of your appreciation.
What gifts do employees want most for Employees Appreciation Day? Hint: it isn’t another branded mug.
One gift that employees report loving? Gift cards! Gift cards are an ideal way to show your appreciation, as they are both cost-effective and highly valued gifts. According to a recent PWC survey, 84% of consumers prefer gift cards over any other type of present.
Gift cards are another great employee appreciation day ideas for remote employees. Giving a gift card for employee appreciation day allows staff to choose something they will truly enjoy, which is a great way to make employees feel valued.
What to Write in an Employee Appreciation Card:
Our Top 3 Suggestions
Ready to write staff thank you notes? Here are our top tips for employee appreciation card templates to get you started:
1. Express your gratitude
Make sure to express your gratitude for their hard work and dedication. Acknowledging that their hard work and commitment made a positive impact on the company will make them feel appreciated and valued.
- “We appreciate your commitment to excellence – you make our workplace a better place.”
- “We are so grateful for all the talents you bring to our team – iron sharpens iron; Our team is better because of you.”
2. Personalize it:
Be sure to include specific examples of employee achievements or actions that you have noticed and appreciate. Think about a project that went well, their commitment to stepping in to help out when needed, or a time they positively influenced the team. This will show that you took the time to think about their efforts and recognize the impact they have made. It’s the little things that make employees feel appreciated.
“Working together on the [project name] with [partner organization or teammate] was such a blast, thanks to your perfectly-curated work playlists keeping us going!”
“Everything hit the fan the day before the event, but you fostered a sense of calm & confidence the moment you stepped in. I knew then it was going to be a fantastic event. And it was!”
“Your enthusiasm, positive energy, and endless quirky trivia facts lift up the whole team.”
3. End with a positive message:
End the card with a positive message that encourages the employee to keep up the hard work. This will show them that you believe in them and trust them to continue to make a positive impact on the company.
“Here’s to an even more successful 2023! “
“Your growth as a leader this past year has been incredible to watch – I can’t wait to see where we go next! “
“You’re a fantastic asset to our team. We’re lucky to have you”
Then sign your name, and you’re done!
Don’t stress about finding the perfect string of words to put together. The fact that you’re putting pen to paper (er… or keyboard to screen with PS Post!) means a lot. Thing about the joy they’re going to feel when they see your envelope standing out among the stack of bills and junk. You’ve got this!
Our Favorite Cards for Employee Appreciation Day
PS Post makes it easy to send Employee Appreciation Day cards. Find your favorite appreciation card for employees across a variety of different styles. Write your message, add their address, and then you’re done!
Want to add a gift card? You can! We print your gift card as a QR code inside the greeting card! PS Post greeting cards are a card & a gift all in one luxurious envelope.
P.S. PS Post’s Greeting Cards Are Great For Client Relationship Building!
Wish you could write personalized cards to your clients for birthdays, anniversaries, or other special moments? Let PS Post help!
Join Us
Sign up for the PS Post newsletter and stay in the loop on product releases, special offers, heartwarming stories, and more.",PSPost
21,https://pspost.co/modern-etiquette/,"Our new sign & send experience has arrived!
💌 Schedule send, card previews, & more! 💌
No products in the cart.
It seems we can’t find what you’re looking for. Perhaps searching can help.
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?",PSPost
22,https://pspost.co/my-account/account-addresses/,"Our new sign & send experience has arrived!
💌 Schedule send, card previews, & more! 💌
No products in the cart.
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?",PSPost
23,https://pspost.co/part-1-everything-you-need-to-know-about-galentines-day-f-k-a-valentines-day-eve/,"Hopefully you have seen Parks and Recreation Season 2, Episode 16 (if not we’ll forgive you, this time), where Leslie Knope invites her friends to a Galentine’s Day brunch. You may be wondering what does “galentine” means? To define galentine, simply look to your friends or the girls and theys who you admire most. Friendship love is valid and real and now we have an excuse to celebrate! It is a Valentine’s Day for friends on the day before Valentine’s Day.
February 13th may be the very best thing you can celebrate and you won’t have to wonder what to do with your friends on Valentine’s Day any longer!
So you may be asking “how to celebrate Galentine’s Day?”, if so, you’re in the right place because we have the answers to ALL of your Galentine’s Day questions. Keep reading this series for Galentine’s Day party ideas, the best Galentine’s gifts, and what to write in a Galentine’s Day card.
Galentine’s Day Party Ideas
Some of the best Galentine’s Day activities would, of course, include a Galentine’s Day brunch, in honor of our patron saint Leslie Knope. Luckily, the day before Valentine’s Day in 2022 falls on a Sunday. Sunday, as we all know, is the best day for a girls brunch party. Hopefully, someone in your group of gals loves to play hostess, however, now that restaurants are a bit safer, that’s always a good option too. You can have each guest bring their favorite breakfast or brunch food to share. If breakfast isn’t your thing feel free to make a baked brie or a cheese plate filled with berries and a good cabernet soaked asiago.
If brunch feels a bit passé, here are a few other Galentine’s Day ideas. While these ideas may not be exactly what Leslie had in mind, we were not invited to the Parks and Rec Galentine’s Day episode writers room, so feel free to make your Galentine’s Day your own! There is no wrong answer to “what is a Galentine’s party.” All of your Galentine’s are different so all of your Galentine’s Day party activities can be as unique as them!",PSPost
24,https://pspost.co/part-2-the-best-galentines-gifts-everything-you-need-to-know-about-galentines-day/,"Hopefully you have seen Parks and Recreation Season 2, Episode 16 (if not we’ll forgive you, this time), where Leslie Knope invites her friends to a Galentine’s Day brunch. You may be wondering what does “galentine” means? To define galentine, simply look to your friends or the girls and theys who you admire most. Friendship love is valid and real and now we have an excuse to celebrate! It is a Valentine’s Day for friends on the day before Valentine’s Day.
February 13th may be the very best thing you can celebrate and you won’t have to wonder what to do with your friends on Valentine’s Day any longer!
So you may be asking “how to celebrate Galentine’s Day?”, if so, you’re in the right place because we have the answers to ALL of your Galentine’s Day questions. Keep reading this series for Galentine’s Day party ideas, the best Galentine’s gifts, and what to write in a Galentine’s Day card.
The Best Galentine’s Gifts
If your Galentine’s are separated by time and space, send them a Galentine’s gift that will be better than any Valentine they’ve ever gotten (some men could never). Here are some of the best Galentine’s gifts (according to us):
A cozy robe: it’s indulgent, something they wouldn’t buy themselves, and they’ll think of you every time they put it on. We love this one from Quince, an affordable and sustainable brand, and at $49.90 you’re bank account will love it too.
A book that you’ve read and loved. You can choose something from your own library or we recommend “Big Friendship” by Aminatou Sow and Ann Friedman, Buying from Bookshop.org supports local bookstores which makes it even better.
The cult favorite: Laneige Lip Sleeping Mask. If they have lips then they need this, and it’s just pricey enough that they might not buy it for themselves (but totally in your budget, phew). We’d recommend berry or vanilla.
The best mug on the planet (we will not be taking questions). Made by hand from that GOOD North Carolina clay, owned and operated by Alex Matisse (yes the great-grandson of *that* Matisse, they give back to their community and pay living wages. Offered in stunning glazes and sure to make their mornings a little brighter. Every shade is perfect but we love the Rococo for your Galentine.
A moment of body appreciation, relaxation, and care with Kate McLeod’s body stones. These are made with natural ingredients, certified cruelty free, and vegan! This solid moisturizer is more than just another nice smelling lotion, it’s a ritual of self-care that gives you permission to thank your body for all that it does. This will make your Galentine feel loved and help them battle these cold months. We love the Grounding Stone.
More than mail. We’d be remiss if we didn’t mention sending a P.S. Post card with a gift card to your Galentine’s favorite store (we’ve got something for everyone from your hiker friend’s REI obsession to your friend who copes with life by running to Target). We print our cards on 100% recycled paper and our cards feature a QR code that links to the gift card so there’s no plastic involved (and no way to lose it). Here’s our favorite Galentine’s card but there are so many good cards to choose from.
Check out related articles on the Postscript!
Express yourself this National Card & Letter Writing Month! Celebrate April holidays with thoughtful messages....
The ultimate Aries birthday guide. Get inspired by Aries personality traits, unique gift ideas, and...
How to make employees feel valued? It's the little things that make employees feel appreciated....
Life can get in the way of our best intentions. I wanted an easier...
Birthdays are a perfect opportunity to love your person the way they want to be...
Spring graduations can be the perfect time to stop and celebrate not only everything a...
A simple “I admire your work ethic” can go a long way. We’ve compiled a...
It's easy to let something get in between you and someone's birthday. Whether you missed...",PSPost
25,https://pspost.co/part-3-what-to-write-in-your-galentines-card/,"Hopefully you have seen Parks and Recreation Season 2, Episode 16 (if not we’ll forgive you, this time), where Leslie Knope invites her friends to a Galentine’s Day brunch. You may be wondering what does “galentine” means? To define galentine, simply look to your friends or the girls and theys who you admire most. Friendship love is valid and real and now we have an excuse to celebrate! It is a Valentine’s Day for friends on the day before Valentine’s Day.
February 13th may be the very best thing you can celebrate and you won’t have to wonder what to do with your friends on Valentine’s Day any longer!
So you may be asking “how to celebrate Galentine’s Day?”, if so, you’re in the right place because we have the answers to ALL of your Galentine’s Day questions. Keep reading this series for Galentine’s Day party ideas, the best Galentine’s gifts, and what to write in a Galentine’s Day card.
What to write in your Galentine’s card
Finding the right words can be tough, especially when you are looking for the best way to tell someone how much they mean to you. Happy Galentine’s Day messages can be anything you want but don’t worry, we’re here to guide you.
First, you’re going to want to think about what you are trying to convey. Do you want to encourage them, thank them for always answering your phone calls or picking you up from the airport, or are you going to remind them of an inside joke from 8th grade? Once you have an idea of what sentiment you want to send you can really get started.
Sometimes when finding the right words is hard, steal someone else’s! (No, not like that, you don’t want a cease and desist letter because that is the kind of mail that is super NOT fun) We’re talking quotes. A good place to find quotes is GoodReads because users are able to add quotes from any book so there is a LOT to choose from. In case you are now having decision paralysis and need some guidance, one of our favorite quotes is from the French novelist Marcel Proust:
“Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy;
they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.”
Consider what not to say
Something we try to NOT do when writing messages in our cards is to make it about us. For example: you’re the best thing that ever happened to ME, thank you for always being MY support, Me Me Me. Now, we aren’t saying that talking about yourself or framing your appreciation with how they have affected your life but instead we’d urge you to write about them.
We love to write messages that single out qualities that we love in our people. Your Galentine may be the type of person who brings people together and makes people feel seen. Maybe they are the type of person who always shows up or the type that never gives up. Maybe you’re inspired by their kindness or ability to see hope in even the darkest times. Let them know that you see this special, wonderful thing that they do and that it’s important.
We also love reminiscing on the good old days or even the yesterdays that weren’t so great. Write about a time that was special to you or a time that was terrible and thankfully now you can both look back and kind of laugh? We’ve learned the hard way that the not so great times that have since turned funny are for cards and NOT wedding toasts. (Learn from our mistakes. Also, Emily, we apologize). They may not have mentally flagged an experience so you reminding them means they get to live it again and makes them feel special and cared for because you both remember and care enough to write about that time you ran into the ocean singing Jason Derulo at midnight, or like whatever your memories are, we don’t judge.
Writing messages in cards– especially in cards meant for our big friendships, our galentines, our people who keep us mostly sane – can feel like a big, overwhelming task. When you break it down and realize that this is simply an extension of a text thread or phone call and not a wedding toast (again, we are SORRY Emily), you’ll feel comfortable just talking to them because that’s exactly what you’re doing. Above all else, be you and be authentic. They’ll see you in your writing and feel close to you, which is what it’s all about.
We hope this helped and that you credit us for the absolutely amazing and thoughtful Galentine’s card messages. May we suggest you write those messages on one of our carefully curated Galentine’s day cards?
Happy Galentine’s day to you and yours and to our dear Leslie Knope.",PSPost
26,https://pspost.co/privacy/,"PS Post Co. Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 29, 2020
PS Post Co (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates http://www.pspost.co (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”), email address, birthday, and mailing address.
We use your data to improve our service delivery. We do not sell your data.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze these data to make our services work better for you.
In these early days, we aim to learn from our customers to make our PS Post even better. We are briefly using Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device’s IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of Hotjar’s support site.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may interest you. You may opt out at any time.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use the best, most effective means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 29, 2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at in**@ps****.co.",PSPost
27,https://pspost.co/ps-post-for-business-qr/,"Birthdays & Life Events
Birthdays are a breeze – we make sure everyone receives their card before their special day!
Holidays & occasions
Celebrate events with personalized cards for your entire list – no need to sign, seal, or stamp.
On-the-Go & Workflow
Thank clients after you close a sale or share a one-off message – right when you need it.",PSPost
28,https://pspost.co/ps-post/,"About PS PostWhy I Started PS Post Posted on September 23, 2022April 11, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Life can get in the way of our best intentions. I wanted an easier way to follow through on an idea when inspiration strikes – with envelopes that stand out and cards that feel luxurious. Continue reading →",PSPost
29,https://pspost.co/refund_returns/,"Overview
Our refund and returns policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have passed since your purchase, we can’t offer you a full refund or exchange.
Gift card purchases are non-refundable. Gift cards are purchased directly from the retailer you have selected and are subject to said retailer’s terms and conditions. If you are having issues accessing your gift card, please email us at in**@ps****.co.
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase. Email in**@ps****.co to begin processing your refund. Include your order number and the item you want refunded.
Refunds
If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.
Late or missing refunds
If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.
Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next, contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at in**@ps****.co.
Sale items
Only regular-priced items may be refunded. Sale items cannot be refunded.
Exchanges
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at in**@ps****.co.
Need help?
Contact us at in**@ps****.co for questions related to refunds and returns.",PSPost
30,https://pspost.co/retrieve-your-gift-card/,"Lost your gift card?
No problem!
Really – who hasn’t closed the tab, deleted the screenshot, or recycled the card on accident?
You received a gift from a friend.
How exciting!
Let’s help you find your gift card – so you can spend it, of course!
Please complete the following form, and a PS Post team member will respond within 1-2 business days with your gift card details!",PSPost
31,https://pspost.co/sage-thank-you/,"With your support, we're providing startups and small businesses with smart tools to plan, create, publish, and measure their online content.
Thank you so much - your investment means the world to us, and we're excited to build great things together!
Peter, Chris, & The Sage SEO Team
Send us an email
support@thesageboard.com",PSPost
32,https://pspost.co/shipping-and-delivery/,"Shipping and Delivery
PS Post mails our greeting cards via the United States Postal Service First-Class mail. The USPS notes a 1-5 business day window for delivery. Our customers report an average of 4-5 days for delivery. However, due to recent internal policy changes at the USPS and because of pandemic-related challenges, we are hearing a few cards are taking up to 2 weeks for delivery. We are frustrated with the current service delivery times and want to be fully transparent. We appreciate any and all understanding – you’re trying to make someone’s day, here! Please reach out to us at in**@ps****.co with any questions.",PSPost
33,https://pspost.co/shop/,"Our new sign & send experience has arrived!
💌 Schedule send, card previews, & more! 💌
No products in the cart.
The easiest way to send greeting cards with gifts – from any device, to any mailbox, at any time.
Showing 1–27 of 202 results
Mazel Tov – Roses
The Rainbow Bridge
You’ve Been My Friend
11:11 – Make a Wish!
I Love You (ASL)
Pure Magic
Retro Thanks
Lavender Thanks
Happy Birthday Sagittarius
Best Human Ever
We’re Growing a Baby
Birthday Balloons
Make a Wish Birthday Cake
Blossoms of Love
Hey, You
A Little Something Something
Life is Hard. Couches are Soft.
Happy Birthday! WTF?
Orange You So Thankful?
Shine So Bright
Dad Shoes
Dad Jokes Are Funny
Best Grandma Ever
Happy Birthday to the Best of the Best
Happy Birthday – Floral Outlines
From Your Favorite Child
Green and Gold Mother’s Day
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?",PSPost
34,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/fern/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12570' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
35,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/house-plant/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12573' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
36,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/lemons-blank-inside/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9902' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
37,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/love-your-mother/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12532' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
38,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/oranges-2/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12575' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
39,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/owl/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12597' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
40,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/pineapple/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12578' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
41,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/roller-skates-blue-2/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12585' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
42,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/roller-skates-green-2/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12580' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
43,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/roller-skates-red-2/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12582' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
44,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/sloth/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12599' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
45,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/any-occasion/whale/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12601' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
46,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/baby/all-a-baby-needs/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3152' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
47,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/baby/baby-plant/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12497' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
48,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/baby/bunny/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '10811' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
49,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/baby/first-came-love/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
First Came Love
$6.99
Let’s face it, buying baby clothes is fun but why not let new parents pick out something they *really* need (or at least contribute towards it).
Outside: “First came love, then came marriage, then came a baby in a…”
Inside: “Wait a minute, did you know how expensive strollers are? Here’s a little something to help”
5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper",PSPost
50,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/baby/mazel-tov-roses/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '15679' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
51,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/baby/the-nose-straw/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3154' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
52,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/baby/the-snuggle-is-real/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11371' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
53,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/baby/tiny-fingers-tiny-toes/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3153' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
54,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/baby/were-growing-a-baby/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13698' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
55,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/1111-make-a-wish/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed for you in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14087' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
56,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/a-little-something-something/,"5″x7″ Greeting Card printed on lush, 100% recycled, environmentally sustainable paper and mailed for you in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13517' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
57,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/aging-is-a-gift/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3151' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
58,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/aging-means-freedom-nsfw/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9930' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
59,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/best-person-i-know/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
iBefore writing your message, you can add a gift! We print it inside the card as a QR code.
We print your e-gift card onto a QR code. Your recipient can redeem it online or in person.
to share with the card
Send a playlist, album, or song via Spotify. In the app or webplayer, simply click the three dots icon, click Share, and then click Copy link. Paste your copied link below.
You can share a Spotify playlist, album, or song.
Tip: If you need the Spotify URI, hold the ALT key (Windows) or Option key (Mac).",PSPost
60,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/birthday-balloons/,"5″x7″ Greeting Card printed on lush, 100% recycled, environmentally sustainable paper and mailed for you in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13688' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
61,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/birthday-dino-collage/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9918' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
62,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/birthday-pink-ribbon/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9915' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
63,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/birthday-spankings/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3150' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
64,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/birthday-t-rex-balloon/,"What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9920' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
65,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/blossoms-of-love/,"5″x7″ Greeting Card printed on lush, 100% recycled, environmentally sustainable paper and mailed for you in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13682' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
66,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/dude-hbd/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11509' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
67,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/ew-capitalism/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11377' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
68,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-aquarius/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6489' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
69,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-aries/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9934' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
70,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-cancer/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11150' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
71,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-capricorn/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6485' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
72,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-cat-collage/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12796' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
73,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-floral-outlines/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream envelope.
|Color|
We mail orders within 1-2 business days, unless otherwise specified, via the United States Postal Service First-Class mail. The USPS notes a 1-5 business day window for delivery.",PSPost
74,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-gemini/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '10986' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
75,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-leo/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11389' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
76,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-libra/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11563' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
77,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-pisces/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6514' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
78,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-sagittarius/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14066' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
79,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-scorpio/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11768' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
80,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-taurus/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9937' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
81,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-to-the-best-of-the-best/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13274' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
82,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-virgo/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11506' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
83,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/happy-birthday-wtf/,"5″x7″ Greeting Card printed on lush, 100% recycled, environmentally sustainable paper and mailed for you in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13510' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
84,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/just-like-betty-white/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6517' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
85,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/look-for-the-helpers/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6500' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
86,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/make-a-wish-birthday-cake/,"5″x7″ Greeting Card printed on lush, 100% recycled, environmentally sustainable paper and mailed for you in a cream envelope
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13685' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
87,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/marg-friends/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11514' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
88,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/not-good-at-this-stuff/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11138' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
89,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/birthday/random-gift-for-your-birthday/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12501' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
90,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/blank/cozy-winter-collage/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14721' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
91,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/blank/simple-tree/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12059' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
92,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/congratulations/congrats-grad/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11002' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
93,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/congratulations/congratulations-confetti-block-lettering/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12511' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
94,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/covid/i-cant-wait/,"What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6481' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
95,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/covid/precedented-times-nsfw/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6477' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
96,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/dads/father-father-figure/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11146' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
97,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/dads/grill-dad/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11144' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
98,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/encouragement/a/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '10834' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
99,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/encouragement/astronaut-encouragement-2/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12514' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
100,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/encouragement/first-person-i-call-mom/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '10832' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
101,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/encouragement/happiness-tips/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12516' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
102,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/encouragement/miss-your-smile/,"|Dimensions||5 × 7 in|
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3159' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
103,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/encouragement/thank-you-colorful/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9905' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
104,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/encouragement/you-are-essential-all-year/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6474' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
105,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/enneagrams/enneagram-type-1/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed in a kraft envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12526' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
106,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/enneagrams/enneagram-type-2/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12528' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
107,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/enneagrams/enneagram-type-3/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12627' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
108,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/enneagrams/enneagram-type-4/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12629' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
109,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/enneagrams/enneagram-type-5/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12631' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
110,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/enneagrams/enneagram-type-7/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12633' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
111,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/enneagrams/enneagram-type-8/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12635' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
112,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/enneagrams/enneagram-type-9/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12637' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
113,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/fall/sweater-weather/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12537' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
114,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/12-ft-skeleton-love/,"What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12319' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
115,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/bach-ht-crazy/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11148' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
116,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/best-human-ever/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed for you in a standout cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13980' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
117,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/congratulations-confetti/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '10840' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
118,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/every-month-is-pride/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11142' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
119,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/everything-is-awful/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3156' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
120,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/excited-for-favorite-couple/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9923' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
121,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/faith-in-humanity/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11383' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
122,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/ghost-each-other/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11501' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
123,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/glow-as-you-grow-2/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11385' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
124,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/good-luck/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '10993' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
125,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/happy-life-transition/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11504' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
126,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/hey-you/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed for you in a stand-out cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13520' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
127,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/i-choose-you/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6510' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
128,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/i-love-you-more-than-winning/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11391' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
129,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/just-beecause-card-seed-packet-national-pollinator-week-special/,"Just Beecause Card & Seed Packet
Let someone know you’re thinking of them and help to spread some bee-friendly blooms! PS Post has teamed up with The Peoples Bees to bring to you a card that spreads love *and* bee-friendly blooms.
In honor of the important role pollinators play in our ecosystem, this “Just Beecause” card comes with a 2oz packet of The Peoples Bees unique blend of native pollinator flower seeds.
Outside: Just Beecause
Inside: blank
About Bee Feed: The seeds are sourced from a small, independent, Colorado-based seed producer, and the flowers and grasses in the mixture are all native to North America (specifically the Rocky Mountain region). Planting native plants supports native pollinators—like solitary bees, bumblebees, moths, butterflies, and birds—who are the most in need of saving. And these seeds are easy-beesy (not sorry) to plant! Sow in late fall for spring blooms.
Learn more about The Peoples Bees work at www.thepeoplesbees.com
Only 8 left in stock",PSPost
130,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/just-beecause/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11275' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
131,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/love-you-lox/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11519' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
132,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/pride-flag/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11140' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
133,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/pure-magic/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed for you in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14079' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
134,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/rose-roses/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6542' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
135,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/shine-so-bright/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, environmentally sustainably made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13505' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
136,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/so-proud-of-you-pastel/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12518' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
137,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/so-proud/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3157' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
138,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/xoxo-lgbtqia/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11124' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
139,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/xoxo/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6554' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
140,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/friendship/youve-been-my-friend/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed for you in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14092' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
141,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/adult-conversation-hearts-nsfw/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6532' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
142,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/bat-one-line-drawing/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11631' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
143,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/best-mom-ever/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '10829' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
144,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/christmas/holiday-baubles-belles/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14728' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
145,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/christmas/holly-jolly/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11887' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
146,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/christmas/starry-retro-tree-transport/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14726' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
147,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/christmas/vintage-tree-greetings/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14727' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
148,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/christmas/watercolor-rainbow-christmas-tree/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14730' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
149,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/conversation-hearts/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6536' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
150,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/dad-jokes-are-funny/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13418' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
151,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/dad-shoes/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, environmentally sustainably made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13424' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
152,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/fathers-day/lucky-dad/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12548' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
153,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/fathers-day/taught-me-so-much-dad/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12551' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
154,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/hanukkah/blue-floral-menorah/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14729' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
155,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/hanukkah/gold-hanukkah-greetings/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14722' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
156,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/hanukkah/hanukkah-dreidel-banner/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14723' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
157,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/masked-and-merry/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3148' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
158,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/merry-bright/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12064' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
159,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/merry-f-ing-christmas/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3143' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
160,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/new-years/time-is-a-manmade-construct/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12534' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
161,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/ornaments-collage/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11884' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
162,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/present-collage-green/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11895' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
163,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/present-collage/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3144' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
164,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/pride/happy-pride-rainbow/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12542' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
165,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/silent-night/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3145' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
166,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/skeleton/,"|Dimensions||5 × 7 in|
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3147' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
167,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/the-best-way-to-holiday/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3140' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
168,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/the-hottest-person-i-know/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6521' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
169,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/tis-the-season/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3141' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
170,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/will-you-be-my-galentine-nsfw/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6550' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
171,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/holiday/zoomed-by/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6525' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
172,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/best-grandma-ever/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13277' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
173,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/colorful-script-lilies/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed in a kraft envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13215' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
174,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/from-your-favorite-child/,"|Dimensions||7 × 5 in|
|Color|
iBefore writing your message, you can add a gift! We print it inside the card as a QR code.
We print your e-gift card onto a QR code. Your recipient can redeem it online or in person.
to share with the card
Send a playlist, album, or song via Spotify. In the app or webplayer, simply click the three dots icon, click Share, and then click Copy link. Paste your copied link below.
You can share a Spotify playlist, album, or song.
Tip: If you need the Spotify URI, hold the ALT key (Windows) or Option key (Mac).",PSPost
175,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/green-and-gold/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13229' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
176,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/happy-mothers-day-pink-foilage/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12560' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
177,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/im-so-grateful-for-you-mom/,"|Dimensions||7 × 5 in|
|Color|
iBefore writing your message, you can add a gift! We print it inside the card as a QR code.
We print your e-gift card onto a QR code. Your recipient can redeem it online or in person.
to share with the card
Send a playlist, album, or song via Spotify. In the app or webplayer, simply click the three dots icon, click Share, and then click Copy link. Paste your copied link below.
You can share a Spotify playlist, album, or song.
Tip: If you need the Spotify URI, hold the ALT key (Windows) or Option key (Mac).",PSPost
178,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/lucky-mom/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12554' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
179,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/relationship-status-complicated-mothers-day/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13209' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
180,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/taught-me-so-much-mom/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12557' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
181,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/to-the-best-of-the-best/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13227' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
182,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/vintage-script-lilies/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
iBefore writing your message, you can add a gift! We print it inside the card as a QR code.
We print your e-gift card onto a QR code. Your recipient can redeem it online or in person.
to share with the card
Send a playlist, album, or song via Spotify. In the app or webplayer, simply click the three dots icon, click Share, and then click Copy link. Paste your copied link below.
You can share a Spotify playlist, album, or song.
Tip: If you need the Spotify URI, hold the ALT key (Windows) or Option key (Mac).",PSPost
183,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/you-are-my-mother-lotus-flowers/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13206' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
184,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/you-are-my-mother/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13203' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
185,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/moms/youre-my-inspiration/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
iBefore writing your message, you can add a gift! We print it inside the card as a QR code.
We print your e-gift card onto a QR code. Your recipient can redeem it online or in person.
to share with the card
Send a playlist, album, or song via Spotify. In the app or webplayer, simply click the three dots icon, click Share, and then click Copy link. Paste your copied link below.
You can share a Spotify playlist, album, or song.
Tip: If you need the Spotify URI, hold the ALT key (Windows) or Option key (Mac).",PSPost
186,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/new-arrivals/cozy-by-the-fire/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14720' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
187,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/new-arrivals/naughty-or-nice/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14725' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
188,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/new-arrivals/snowy-winter-hygge-home-trio/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14724' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
189,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/new-home/felicitationes-congratulations-felicitations/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11005' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
190,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/new-home/home-is-where-the-plants-live/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
iBefore writing your message, you can add a gift! We print it inside the card as a QR code.
We print your e-gift card onto a QR code. Your recipient can redeem it online or in person.
to share with the card
Send a playlist, album, or song via Spotify. In the app or webplayer, simply click the three dots icon, click Share, and then click Copy link. Paste your copied link below.
You can share a Spotify playlist, album, or song.
Tip: If you need the Spotify URI, hold the ALT key (Windows) or Option key (Mac).",PSPost
191,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/new-home/new-home-sold/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12540' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
192,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/pets/corgi-uniline/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12587' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
193,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/pets/dachshund-uniline/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12589' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
194,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/pets/dino-collage/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12567' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
195,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/pets/duck-uniline/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12591' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
196,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/pets/frenchie-uniline/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12593' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
197,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/pets/greyhound-uniline/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12595' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
198,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/pets/new-pet-farts/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '11516' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
199,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/political/lets-drunk-dial-our-senators/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6496' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
200,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/romance/believe-in-love/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12236' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
201,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/romance/catch-feelings/,"|Dimensions||7 × 5 in|
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12233' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
202,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/romance/happy-anniversary-colorful/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12240' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
203,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/romance/happy-anniversary-floral/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12238' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
204,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/romance/hey-girl-blank/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12317' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
205,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/romance/hey-girl/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12246' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
206,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/romance/thinking-of-you-heart/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12242' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
207,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/bill-nye-nostalgia/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '10989' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
208,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/extra-good-care/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12608' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
209,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/feel-better/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '10826' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
210,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/flowers-in-concrete/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9899' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
211,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/get-well-soon-gold-floral/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12530' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
212,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/great-job/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '10997' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
213,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/i-love-you-asl/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14085' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
214,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/life-is-hard-couches-are-soft/,"5″x7″ Greeting Card printed on lush, 100% recycled, environmentally sustainable paper and mailed for you in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13514' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
215,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/lizzo-your-way-through/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '3155' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
216,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/now-is-not-forever/,"5×7″ greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9896' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
217,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/right-words/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12605' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
218,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/smooth-sailor/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9908' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
219,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/sun-will-come-out/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12522' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
220,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/the-rainbow-bridge/,"5×7″ greeting card mailed for you in a cream-colored envelope.
This pet condolence card is blank inside for your sympathy messages for beloved pets. The rainbow bridge card features paw print designs.
$6.99
Saying goodbye is never easy, and pet sympathy cards are hard to design (we feel big feelings over here). They’re more than just a beloved pet. They’re the loyal couch companion, cuddle buddy, running partner, fetch-master, or silly-goose extraordinaire.
Heartfelt condolences and words of comfort for grieving pet owners offer comfort and support in a hard time.
Front: a Rainbow Bridge design with a paw print pattern crossing the bridge
Inside: [blank]
iBefore writing your message, you can add a gift! We print it inside the card as a QR code.
We print your e-gift card onto a QR code. Your recipient can redeem it online or in person.
to share with the card
Send a playlist, album, or song via Spotify. In the app or webplayer, simply click the three dots icon, click Share, and then click Copy link. Paste your copied link below.
You can share a Spotify playlist, album, or song.
Tip: If you need the Spotify URI, hold the ALT key (Windows) or Option key (Mac).",PSPost
221,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/thinking-of-you/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9890' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
222,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/this-sucks/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6506' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
223,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/sympathy/you-are-not-alone/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12524' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
224,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/thank-you/lavender-thanks/,"5×7 greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed for you in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14072' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
225,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/thank-you/orange-you-so-thankful/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, environmentally sustainably made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '13507' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
226,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/thank-you/retro-thanks/,"5×7 greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper and mailed for you in a cream envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '14075' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
227,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/thank-you/thank-you-circle/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
Thank You – Circle
$6.99
They brought a smile to your face. She gave your hand a squeeze when you needed a boost. Your teammate went out of the way for you. He was there when you called. For any moment that deserves a big, bright, cheery thank you.
Outside: “Thank you” block lettering on colorful ball in yellow or blue
Inside: “Blank”
5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper",PSPost
228,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/thank-you/thanks-a-million/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9927' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
229,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/thinking-of-you/first-person-i-call-dad/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled paper.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12545' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
230,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/wedding/a-union-of-two-halves/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '6492' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
231,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/wedding/mr-mr/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9940' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
232,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/wedding/mr-mrs/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9945' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
233,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/wedding/mrs-mrs/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '9947' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
234,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/wedding/what-is-a-bride/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12620' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
235,https://pspost.co/shop/cards/wedding/what-is-a-groom/,"5×7” greeting card printed on lush, 100% recycled, sustainably-made paper and mailed in a cream-colored envelope.
What message would you like in your card? Include everything you want, including the salutation and close.{{ messageTextLength.length }}/500
Preview could not be generated, please try again.( getPDFUrl( e, '12623' ) )"" class=""ps_popup_message_view preview_btn showbtn"">Preview Card",PSPost
236,https://pspost.co/tag/about-us/,"About PS PostWhy I Started PS Post Posted on September 23, 2022April 11, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Life can get in the way of our best intentions. I wanted an easier way to follow through on an idea when inspiration strikes – with envelopes that stand out and cards that feel luxurious. Continue reading →",PSPost
237,https://pspost.co/tag/astrology/,"Holidays & CelebrationsMeaningful Moments to Mail a Card in April Posted on April 11, 2023April 11, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Express yourself this National Card & Letter Writing Month! Celebrate April holidays with thoughtful messages. From Passover to Administrative Professionals Day, PS Post has you covered with card-writing suggestions that make a big impact. Continue reading →",PSPost
238,https://pspost.co/tag/belated-birthday/,"Gift Giving, Writing Tips & InspirationWhat to do When You Forgot a Birthday Posted on March 11, 2022March 21, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble It’s easy to let something get in between you and someone’s birthday. Whether you missed it by a few hours or a few weeks, it’s okay! You’ve got this. Continue reading →",PSPost
239,https://pspost.co/tag/birthday-card/,"Holidays & CelebrationsMeaningful Moments to Mail a Card in April Posted on April 11, 2023April 11, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Express yourself this National Card & Letter Writing Month! Celebrate April holidays with thoughtful messages. From Passover to Administrative Professionals Day, PS Post has you covered with card-writing suggestions that make a big impact. Continue reading →",PSPost
240,https://pspost.co/tag/birthday/,"Gift Giving, Writing Tips & InspirationWhat to do When You Forgot a Birthday Posted on March 11, 2022March 21, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble It’s easy to let something get in between you and someone’s birthday. Whether you missed it by a few hours or a few weeks, it’s okay! You’ve got this. Continue reading →",PSPost
241,https://pspost.co/tag/card-writing-tips/,"Holidays & CelebrationsWhen Mother’s Day is Complicated Posted on April 25, 2023April 25, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Mother’s Day can be a joyous holiday… but it can also bring about a lot of complicated, mixed, or heavy emotions. If Mother’s Day is tough for you in some way — we see you. Continue reading →",PSPost
242,https://pspost.co/tag/cards-for-business/,"About PS PostWhy I Started PS Post Posted on September 23, 2022April 11, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Life can get in the way of our best intentions. I wanted an easier way to follow through on an idea when inspiration strikes – with envelopes that stand out and cards that feel luxurious. Continue reading →",PSPost
243,https://pspost.co/tag/cards-for-employees/,"Holidays & CelebrationsMeaningful Moments to Mail a Card in April Posted on April 11, 2023April 11, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Express yourself this National Card & Letter Writing Month! Celebrate April holidays with thoughtful messages. From Passover to Administrative Professionals Day, PS Post has you covered with card-writing suggestions that make a big impact. Continue reading →",PSPost
244,https://pspost.co/tag/connection/,"Express yourself this National Card & Letter Writing Month! Celebrate April holidays with thoughtful messages. From Passover to Administrative Professionals Day, PS Post has you covered with card-writing suggestions that make a big impact.
Happy Galentine’s Day messages can be anything you want but don’t worry, we’re here to guide you. Finding the right words can be tough, especially when you are looking for the best way to tell someone how much they mean to you.",PSPost
245,https://pspost.co/tag/employee-appreciation/,"Holidays & CelebrationsMeaningful Moments to Mail a Card in April Posted on April 11, 2023April 11, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Express yourself this National Card & Letter Writing Month! Celebrate April holidays with thoughtful messages. From Passover to Administrative Professionals Day, PS Post has you covered with card-writing suggestions that make a big impact. Continue reading →",PSPost
246,https://pspost.co/tag/for-your-boss/,"Gift Giving, Writing Tips & InspirationHow to thank your boss (without looking like a suck up) Posted on April 4, 2022March 21, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble A simple “I admire your work ethic” can go a long way. We’ve compiled a few ways to show gratitude at work that will make your boss feel recognized and appreciated Continue reading →",PSPost
247,https://pspost.co/tag/friendship/,"Gift Giving, Holidays & CelebrationsZodiac Spotlight: Best Ways to Celebrate an Aries Birthday Posted on April 3, 2023April 14, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble The ultimate Aries birthday guide. Get inspired by Aries personality traits, unique gift ideas, and our favorite personalized birthday cards & messages Continue reading →",PSPost
248,https://pspost.co/tag/galentines-day/,"Holidays & CelebrationsPart 2: The Best Galentine’s Gifts – Everything You Need to Know About Galentine’s Day, f/k/a Valentine’s Day Eve! Posted on February 6, 2022March 21, 2023 by Caitlin If your Galentine’s are separated by time and space, send them a Galentine’s gift that will be better than any Valentine they’ve ever gotten… Continue reading →",PSPost
249,https://pspost.co/tag/gift-giving/,"Holidays & CelebrationsMeaningful Moments to Mail a Card in April Posted on April 11, 2023April 11, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Express yourself this National Card & Letter Writing Month! Celebrate April holidays with thoughtful messages. From Passover to Administrative Professionals Day, PS Post has you covered with card-writing suggestions that make a big impact. Continue reading →",PSPost
250,https://pspost.co/tag/graduation/,"Holidays & Celebrations, Writing Tips & Inspiration3 Examples of What to Write in a Graduation Card Posted on May 12, 2022March 21, 2023 by Caitlin Spring graduations can be the perfect time to stop and celebrate not only everything a person has accomplished so far but also all that is in store for them in the future. Continue reading →",PSPost
251,https://pspost.co/tag/gratitude/,"Gift GivingThe Best Ways to Recognize Your Team this Employee Appreciation Day Posted on February 28, 2023March 21, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble How to make employees feel valued? It’s the little things that make employees feel appreciated. A personalized note from their boss or employees goes a long way to build strong working relationships! Continue reading →",PSPost
252,https://pspost.co/tag/letter-writing/,"About PS PostWhy I Started PS Post Posted on September 23, 2022April 11, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Life can get in the way of our best intentions. I wanted an easier way to follow through on an idea when inspiration strikes – with envelopes that stand out and cards that feel luxurious. Continue reading →",PSPost
253,https://pspost.co/tag/letters/,"Holidays & Celebrations, Writing Tips & Inspiration3 Examples of What to Write in a Graduation Card Posted on May 12, 2022March 21, 2023 by Caitlin Spring graduations can be the perfect time to stop and celebrate not only everything a person has accomplished so far but also all that is in store for them in the future. Continue reading →",PSPost
254,https://pspost.co/tag/love-letters/,"Writing Tips & InspirationHow to Write Love Letters Posted on January 12, 2022March 21, 2023 by Caitlin Who doesn’t love receiving a love letter from someone they care about? Whether it’s a note of gratitude for a small favor or a good morning love letter… Continue reading →",PSPost
255,https://pspost.co/tag/mothers-day/,"Holidays & CelebrationsWhen Mother’s Day is Complicated Posted on April 25, 2023April 25, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Mother’s Day can be a joyous holiday… but it can also bring about a lot of complicated, mixed, or heavy emotions. If Mother’s Day is tough for you in some way — we see you. Continue reading →",PSPost
256,https://pspost.co/tag/personal-letters/,"Holidays & Celebrations, Writing Tips & Inspiration3 Examples of What to Write in a Graduation Card Posted on May 12, 2022March 21, 2023 by Caitlin Spring graduations can be the perfect time to stop and celebrate not only everything a person has accomplished so far but also all that is in store for them in the future. Continue reading →",PSPost
257,https://pspost.co/tag/professional/,"Gift Giving, Writing Tips & InspirationHow to thank your boss (without looking like a suck up) Posted on April 4, 2022March 21, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble A simple “I admire your work ethic” can go a long way. We’ve compiled a few ways to show gratitude at work that will make your boss feel recognized and appreciated Continue reading →",PSPost
258,https://pspost.co/tag/qr-codes/,"TechnologyEverything You Wanted to Know About QR Codes Posted on December 29, 2021January 12, 2022 by Caitlin Before the start of the pandemic, the question was “does anyone still use QR codes?” and now we are looking at a QR code future… Continue reading →",PSPost
259,https://pspost.co/tag/real-life-relationships/,"Holidays & CelebrationsWhen Mother’s Day is Complicated Posted on April 25, 2023April 25, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble Mother’s Day can be a joyous holiday… but it can also bring about a lot of complicated, mixed, or heavy emotions. If Mother’s Day is tough for you in some way — we see you. Continue reading →",PSPost
260,https://pspost.co/tag/sending-cards/,"Gift Giving3 Ways that Giving a Gift is Surprisingly Good for *You* Posted on February 17, 2022March 21, 2023 by Caitlin Regardless of whether it’s gift giving season or a simply thoughtful occasion, you can’t help but appreciate the sentiment when you’re given a special gift or card. Continue reading →",PSPost
261,https://pspost.co/tag/technology/,"TechnologyEverything You Wanted to Know About QR Codes Posted on December 29, 2021January 12, 2022 by Caitlin Before the start of the pandemic, the question was “does anyone still use QR codes?” and now we are looking at a QR code future… Continue reading →",PSPost
262,https://pspost.co/tag/ways-to-say-thank-you/,"Gift Giving, Writing Tips & InspirationHow to thank your boss (without looking like a suck up) Posted on April 4, 2022March 21, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble A simple “I admire your work ethic” can go a long way. We’ve compiled a few ways to show gratitude at work that will make your boss feel recognized and appreciated Continue reading →",PSPost
263,https://pspost.co/tag/zodiac-birthdays/,"Gift Giving, Holidays & CelebrationsZodiac Spotlight: Best Ways to Celebrate an Aries Birthday Posted on April 3, 2023April 14, 2023 by Keller Anne Ruble The ultimate Aries birthday guide. Get inspired by Aries personality traits, unique gift ideas, and our favorite personalized birthday cards & messages Continue reading →",PSPost
264,https://pspost.co/technology/,"TechnologyEverything You Wanted to Know About QR Codes Posted on December 29, 2021January 12, 2022 by Caitlin Before the start of the pandemic, the question was “does anyone still use QR codes?” and now we are looking at a QR code future… Continue reading →",PSPost
265,https://pspost.co/terms/,"Terms of Use
This site (“Site”) is operated by PS Post Co (“PS Post”). Please read these terms of use, which include the Privacy Policy, (“Terms”). By accessing this Site or using the services offered on the Site, including by responding to a registered user’s request to provide your contact information, you indicate your agreement to these Terms. If you do not agree, please do not use this Site. We may modify these Terms (including the Privacy Statement) from time to time by displaying updated Terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after updated Terms are displayed indicates your agreement to the modified Terms.
REGISTER FOR AN ACCOUNT; ADDRESS BOOK
To send cards and create an online address book (“Address Book”), you must register by creating a user account (“Account”) with a username and password and providing other information as part of the registration process. When you register and create an Account, you can add contact information to your Address Book. If you register for an Account and create an Address Book, you agree to update or delete any entries in your Address Book as requested by the person(s) who provided the information or by the person(s) about whom the information applies (e.g., a spouse). If a person notifies our Site that he or she wishes to have his or her contact information deleted from your Address Book, we will notify you about the request; we reserve the right to delete the person’s contact information from your Address Book. You are responsible for
1) maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password and for notifying us immediately if you become aware of any actual or suspected unauthorized use,
2) all uses of your username or password,
3) all activity, including purchases, conducted under your Account and
4) providing accurate information in connection with your Account.
If you breach these Terms, we reserve the right in our sole discretion to restrict, suspend or terminate your access to your Account and to the Site with or without notice to you. You may terminate your Account at any time by contacting in**@ps****.co and we will delete your account as soon as possible. If you decide to terminate your Account, we will delete your Address Book, so be sure to print any contact information in your Address Book that you wish to retain before you terminate your Account. We reserve the right to retain a copy of your Address Book for a limited period if we determine in good faith that it may be appropriate to do so to comply with legal process, law enforcement, or law, to protect our property or rights or the rights or safety of any third party, to address suspected illegal activity, and for similar reasons we determine in good faith are appropriate.
CONDUCT
You expressly agree that you will not use the Site or send any PS Post card:
- for any unlawful purpose, including posting, storing, sending, or otherwise transmitting information, data or material that is libelous, obscene, threatening, harassing or defamatory or which infringes the intellectual property rights of any person or which in any way encourages conduct that would be unlawful or inappropriate;
- in connection with any unsolicited bulk or commercial messages (commonly known as “spam”), any advertising or other form of communication that violates these Terms or any law or regulation, or in any manner that would disrupt in any way any internet site or services;
- to initiate or perpetuate any illegal scheme (such as a pyramid scheme);
- to impersonate any person or entity, falsify any sender address, forge anyone’s identity or perform any other fraudulent activity (such as “phishing”);
- to interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, any person’s ability to use the services offered on the Site;
- to transmit or otherwise make available through our Site any computer code, file, program or other element (including any virus, worm, or other harmful malware of any nature) that would interrupt, destroy, interfere with or otherwise cause any other effect that might reasonably be considered undesirable;
- to register or attempt to use the services under the name of another person, allow another person to use your username or password or your Account, use another person’s Account; or
- to attempt to (or actually) circumvent the Site’s security or any means to control access to the Site’s services.
OWNERSHIP
Unless otherwise noted, all rights, title and interest in all information including, but not limited to, screens, texts, user names, passwords, web pages, or other materials (collectively “Information”) appearing in and on this Site are the exclusive property of PS Post. PS Post’s use of such information is subject to its Privacy Policy.You acknowledge that all content on or provided through this Site, including, but not limited to software, images, illustrations, whether tangible or intangible (collectively “Content”), is protected by copyrights, trademarks or service marks and other intellectual property rights which are owned and controlled by PS Post. Such Content may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed or exploited in any way, without proper permission from the PS Post.”PS Post” and other names, trademarks, service marks, and indicia of source (“PS Post Trademarks”) are owned by PS Post. You may not use the PS Post Trademarks in connection with any products or services that do not belong to PS Post or in any manner likely to cause confusion about the source of any product or service, that implies that PS Post endorses anyone else’s product or service, or that disparages or discredits PS Post.
ALLEGED COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been violated by PS Post, please provide the following information to the PS Post-designated copyright agent listed below.
- A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
- A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site
- An address, a telephone number, and an e-mail address where PS Post can contact you;
- A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the use is not authorized by the copyright or other intellectual property rights owner, by its agent, or by law;
- A statement by you under penalty of perjury that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or are authorized to act on the owner’s behalf;
- Your electronic or physical signature.
PS Post may request additional information before removing any infringing material. PS Post may provide the alleged infringing party with your e-mail address so that that person can respond to your allegations.
Pursuant to Title 17, United State code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to Service Provider’s Designated Agent listed below. ALL INQUIRES NOT RELEVANT TO THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURE WILL RECEIVE NO RESPONSE.
PS Post Co.
Attn: Legal
1880 S Pierce St, Suite 11
Lakewood CO, 80232
LINKS, FRAMES AND METATAGS
You may not frame the content of our Site unless you first obtain our express prior written consent in each case. You may not use metatags or any other “hidden text” that incorporates PS Post Trademarks or marks confusingly similar to our PS Post Trademarks without our prior written consent.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEB SITES
Our Site may contain links to web sites controlled by third parties (“Third-Party Sites”). We are not responsible for Third-Party Sites or their content, activities, or privacy practices. Any information you share or actions you take on Third-Party Sites are governed by those sites’ terms of use and privacy statements, which you should review carefully to learn about their practices. Including links on our Site does not imply our endorsement of Third-Party Sites, their content, or any associated organization or activity. We make no representation or warranty whatsoever about the nature of Third-Party Sites.
GIFT CARD PURCHASES
Gift cards are purchased directly from the retailer you have selected and are subject to said retailer’s terms and conditions. Gift card purchases are non-refundable. If you are having issues accessing your gift card, please email us at in**@ps****.co.
PURCHASE; PAYMENT TERMS
PS Post accepts major U.S. credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover). Billing occurs at the time of or shortly after your transaction. You agree that you will only use your own credit card or have express permission to use another person’s credit card. You agree that you will pay for all products you purchase and that PS Post may charge your credit card for any products purchased and for any additional amounts (including any taxes and late fees, as applicable). You are responsible for the timely payment of all fees to PS Post. You can cancel your order anytime up until 11:59 pm the day you place your order to receive a refund. To cancel an order email in**@ps****.co with your order number and “cancel” in the subject line. Otherwise, unless otherwise posted, all sales on PS Post are final. There are no returns or refunds.Your total price will include the price of the product(s) plus any applicable sales tax; such sales tax is based on the bill-to address and the sales tax rate in effect at the time you purchase the product(s).
PRODUCT FULFILLMENT
Purchased product(s) are generally shipped in 1-2 business days but may from time to time take longer. Items shipped directly to recipients with first class stamps will arrive in approximately 3 to 7 business days from the date of order.
DISCLAIMERS
OUR SITE AND THE SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH IT ARE AVAILABLE “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE (EVEN IF THAT PURPOSE HAS BEEN DISCLOSED) AND ANY WARRANTY THAT OUR SITE OR SERVICES (1) WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, FREE FROM ERRORS, OR FREE FROM VIRUSES, WORMS, “TROJAN HORSES” OR OTHER MALICIOUS CODE OR HARMFUL FEATURES OR (2) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, TIMELY, RELIABLE, OR NON-INFRINGING. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS IN OUR SITE OR SERVICES. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR MAKING BACKUP COPIES OF AND PRESERVING ALL INFORMATION IN YOUR ADDRESS BOOK. IF YOU RELY ON OUR SITE OR SERVICES, YOU DO SO ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL PS POST (OR ITS MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, SERVICE PROVIDERS, REPRESENTATIVES AND AGENTS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR USE OF OUR SITE OR SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY (1) ERRORS, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN OUR SITE OR ANY SERVICES, (2) FAILURE TO STORE OR PRESERVE INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ADDRESS BOOK, OR (3) DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST REVENUES OR PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, OR LOSS OF DATA) ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF OUR SITE OR SERVICES, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY AND EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR THESE KINDS OF DAMAGES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU RELEASE PS POST (AND ITS MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, SERVICE PROVIDERS, REPRESENTATIVES AND AGENTS) FROM ANY CLAIM RELATING TO YOUR USE OF OUR SITE OR SERVICES. YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF PS POST (AND ITS MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, SERVICE PROVIDERS, REPRESENTATIVES, AND AGENTS), IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY LEGAL CLAIM ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF OUR SITE OR SERVICES WILL NOT EXCEED $1,000.00 IN THE AGGREGATE.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECURITY OF YOUR ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD. PS POST WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE FROM YOUR FAILURE TO MAINTAIN THE SECURITY OF YOUR ACCOUNT OR PASSWORD. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACTIVITY THAT OCCURS UNDER YOUR ACCOUNT, INCLUDING ALL PURCHASES.
ADDITIONALLY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, PS POST EXCLUDES AND DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES FOR PRODUCTS OFFERED THROUGH THIS SITE. PS POST PROVIDES PRODUCTS ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
SOME STATES DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSIONS OF CERTAIN TYPES OF LIABILITY OR LIMITATIONS ON CERTAIN TYPES OF WARRANTIES. IF THESE STATE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS OR REMEDIES.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless PS Post (and its members, directors, officers, employees, service providers, representatives, and agents) against all liabilities, losses, damages, and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) that they may incur based on claims arising out of your use of our Site or violation of these Terms. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which we are entitled to indemnification. You agree to provide us with whatever cooperation we reasonably request.
CHANGES TO SITE; TERMINATION
We reserve the right to make changes or improvements to this Site at any time for any reason without notice.We reserve the right to terminate our Site and any services offered through our Site at any time for any reason with or without notice to you. The “Disclaimers,” “Limitation of Liability,” “Indemnification,” and “General” sections of these Terms (along with any other provision that by its terms contemplates survival) survive any termination of these Terms.
COMMUNICATIONS
You consent to email communications from us.
GENERAL
These Terms, which includes the Privacy Policy, are the complete agreement between you and PS Post regarding your use of our Site and are governed by the laws of the State of Colorado applicable to agreements made and completely performed in the State. You irrevocably agree to bring any claim or dispute relating to your use of our Site or these Terms exclusively in the state and federal courts located in the State of Colorado, to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts, and to waive any jurisdictional, venue, inconvenient forum, or other objections to those courts. If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of these Terms are unenforceable for any reason, then that provision will be deleted and the remaining provisions will be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. In the event a court having jurisdiction over the parties holds any provision of this Agreement invalid or unenforceable, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to replace the invalid or unenforceable provision, if possible, with a valid provision that most closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the invalid provision. You agree that we may provide you with notices by posting on our site, by e-mail, or by regular mail. If we do not exercise or enforce a right or remedy in these Terms or otherwise available, you agree we have nor waived such right or remedy. The term “including” in these Terms means “including, but not limited to.”",PSPost
266,https://pspost.co/thank-you-summer-2022/,"A message of thanks, from us to you
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. – Maya Angelou
Dear Friend,
Thank you for supporting PS Post in the time since we first launched in December 2020. You didn’t just purchase a card from a women-owned startup, you made someone’s day with one of the best gifts of all — words from the heart.
We built PS Post to make sending notes and gifts to friends easier and bring more joy to the everyday through something as simple as a greeting card.
A lot has happened since we opened! You’ve sent thousands of cards, bringing smiles to just as many faces. We’ve onboarded incredible new retailers like PlantGem, DoneGood, and Bookshop.org and refined our purchasing experience from your feedback. PS Post was accepted to and completed a rigorous 4-month accelerator to support our growth; then received an investment from the Conscious Venture Fund! And most recently, we won a huge prize to build out our business & bulk card-sending capabilities with a skilled team of user-experience experts.
It’s all because of you – your early support, and continued trust in us to send your congratulations, condolences, encouragement, and your gifts. Your suggestions, issues to troubleshoot, and ideas show us you care. From the bottom of our hearts, thank you.
We’re on a mission to make PS Post the most accessible, intuitive, and joyful way to send one or hundreds of personalized cards with e-gift experiences. What’s next? Late summer, expect a brand new card personalization & purchasing experience (it looks so cool). We will soon be adding new features like bulk card sending for individuals and businesses, the ability to schedule your card delivery date, and new e-gift features like video messages, nonprofit donations, and new retailers!
We’re big fans of beautiful, quality greeting cards as a means of intimate connection. For your support of the same vision, we thank you.
With a big hug or friendly smile (your choice),
Keller Anne, Cait, and the PS Post Team",PSPost
267,https://pspost.co/the-ultimate-gift-giving-guide-for-expats/,"Sitting down to send a gift, card, or letter to someone can be hard to do, but it’s especially hard if you’re living in a different country. If you’re someone who is living abroad and you need to send a baby gift or graduation card to someone in the U.S., it can be challenging to plan far enough in advance so the gift arrives on time, not to mention expensive. Check out or list of easy gifts to mail (or email) and other signature gifts that are easy to send from outside the U.S.
1. Send a homemade video
The beauty of an electronic gift is that it’s free to send, but it also doesn’t always come across as personal as other gifts. That’s where creating a video collage of photos or a personalized video message comes in. It’s both easy to send and it still has a very personal touch. Finally, the perfect gift.
2. Create a playlist
Sometimes you have to think outside the box, or in this case, outside the envelope. Maybe you haven’t created a mixed tape or playlist for someone since you were a teen, but that’s all the more reason to make one now. If you’re looking for the perfect gift, what is better than a compilation of special songs to send to someone back home?
3. Send a PS Post card
If you want to send a physical card to someone but don’t have time for it to travel across the ocean… well, we have been there. Try out our card-sending service at PSPost.co and let us be your personal gift buying service! Just go to our website and pick out a card. Then type a message, add a gift card (if you want), and click send. We’ll handle the rest!
Whether you are an expat, a study abroad student, or you’re just traveling overseas and realized you’re about to miss someone’s birthday, now you have some ideas for ways to gift from afar.
P.S. Did you know that at PS Post, we are constantly adding card designs, gift card retailer options, and other fun add-ons to make your card-sending experience the best that it can be. Check us out at PSpost.co!",PSPost
268,https://pspost.co/uncategorized/,"Our new sign & send experience has arrived!
💌 Schedule send, card previews, & more! 💌
No products in the cart.
It seems we can’t find what you’re looking for. Perhaps searching can help.
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?",PSPost
269,https://pspost.co/when-mothers-day-is-complicated/,"Life is full of beauty, sorrow, laughter, delight, pain and the mundane – it’s complicated. As French artist Paul Cezanne put it, “we live in a rainbow of chaos.”
For many people, celebrating their parents is easy. But for those of us whose family dynamics make holidays tricky, fraught, or stressful, walking near the card aisles around these times can be difficult.
If you want to send a card to acknowledge your parent, picking up design after design of “best mom ever,” or “world’s greatest dad” in search of something neutral can leave you feeling a swirling mess of emotions.
And if this holiday is tough for you in some way — we see you.
How to Acknowledge Mother’s Day When It’s Heavy
We’re here to help make meaningful connections easier. In the good, the bad, the sad, the celebratory, and the weird. Part of that is acknowledging that not everyone has a great relationship with every holiday.
Mother’s Day is an important day for many, but let’s be honest – like most holidays, Mother’s Day is a highly commercialized day. If Mother’s Day is hard to celebrate, you may dread April. It can feel like you’re inundated with shiny promotions celebrating moms every time turn on the tv, or open your inbox.
We get it, and we’re here to offer some suggestions.
What Do I Write in a Mother’s Day Card For A Complicated relationship?
Don’t know what to write? Start small. A neutral, factual statement can take the emotional labor out of it (“You’ve taught me so much about life”).
Maybe share a moment from a happy or even neutral memory (“Remember when we went to the museum together? That was a nice day.”) before closing with a simple “thinking of you.”
How Do I Support a Friend on Mother’s Day?
Maybe they’re grieving the loss of a parent. Maybe you’re watching them navigate a parent struggling with addiction. Maybe they desperately want to become a parent. Perhaps it’s just generational or cultural divides creating friction.
Let them know that they’re on your mind and in your heart, whatever the case may be.
What Do I Do if I Don’t Want to Send a Mother’s Day Card?
If you just can’t bring yourself to write a card, it’s ok!
In some cultures & religious practices, writing something out before burning it (safely) is a part of a healing, cathartic, or grieving process. If you can’t burn your letter, tear it up into tiny pieces before throwing it away, flushing it, or burying it.
Cards to Send if Mother’s Day is Weird
Whether your relationship with your mom is fantastic or fraught. Whether you miss her terribly, only sometimes, or not at all — feel what you feel. We’re here for you 💜
xoxo, PS Post",PSPost
270,https://pspost.co/why-i-started-ps-post/,"Why I started PS Post
Keller Anne Ruble, Founder & CEO[7 min read]
Hi, I’m Keller Anne!
I started PS Post in 2020 with my co-founder, Caitlin, to make an easier way to send cards and gifts.
Why did we take a leap of faith and launch a startup… at the start of a pandemic? Life threw me a curve ball, and I decided to step up to the plate.
A small but mighty team had been building PS Post on nights and weekends just before the pandemic hit. Then, like most of us experienced in some way, shape, or form — 2020 threw me a huge curveball. My company was restructured, and I was let go.
Though it felt devastating at first, I started to see it as an exciting and rare opportunity to make PS Post a reality.
Instead of staying in the field where I had more than a decade of career experience, I decided to take to a leap of faith and work on PS Post full-time. If not now, when?
People loved the idea of PS Post, and I had to see what it could become!
So… a website to make sending cards easy, with an added bonus of sending gifts inside on QR codes. How did this come about?
1. Mail is Awesome!
I love getting mail. To me, taking the time to write a card— no matter how simple or well thought out— is an act of love.
When was the last time you got a personal letter? How did it make you feel?
Back in college, my grandma knew how much I loved checking my mailbox. Even though we talked regularly on the phone, she wrote me so many cards and letters – mostly just because. Of all the cards I’ve saved, I cherish those just-thinking-about-yous the most.
Mail kept a long-distance romance alive! I met my now-spouse just one month before he entered the Peace Corps. Despite a 10-hour time difference and thousands of miles between us, we wrote emails and letters, sent care packages, and hoarded precious Skype credits.
Starting a relationship only to immediately date long-distance was hard but all the little ways of staying in touch were deeply romantic. Our patience paid off – we’ve been married now for 7 years! It’s so special revisiting our letters now.
I know how special it can be to receive personal letters and cards in the mail. And I wanted to make it easier for everyone to send mail using their phone or computer.
2. Good cards are hard to find and harder to send
As much as I love cards, sometimes the process of getting a card in the mail felt more frustrating than it was worth. Greeting card aisles can feel a little overwhelming, picking up card after card after card.
What about thank you notes? It seems like no matter how recently I bought a pack of thank you notes, I never can find a matching card & envelope. Good luck locating an extra in case you don’t get it
write right the first time!
Once you’ve finally written your heart’s desire, what if you don’t find a stamp?
Life can get in the way of our best intentions sometimes.
With PS Post, we wanted to make it easy to follow through when inspiration strikes, with envelopes that stand out and cards that feel luxurious.
3. Sentimental? Very Much So
I have probably kept almost every card, ticket stub, or small ephemera from throughout my life. I have affectionately dubbed this, “emotional hoarding.”
They all live in an overflowing box, some organized in bags or photo albums by life chapters, some haphazardly stuffed (a sash from my senior sorority formal) or deliberately wedged (a gavel from a high school mock trial award).
my 5th birthday card
I’m not alone! 85% of Americans say they have special keepsakes. Four of the top five most popular keepsakes are a type of greeting card. The most popular by far? Birthday cards!
I love revisiting my box of memories from time to time – especially the notes. A Post-it left on my dorm room mirror from my best friend. A playbill decorated with pre-show tic-tac-toe. My grandma’s small, neatly slanted cursive. Something about holding on to a piece of paper whooshes you right back the where you were and who you were in that moment.
In an increasingly digital world, it’s nice to have something to hold onto.
4. I love giving gifts, but I am sometimes terrible at gift giving
I try my best to celebrate friends and family but sometimes I struggle with actually sending a gift. Sometimes I lost track of birthdays by not being on Facebook.
Part of the idea for PS Post came from going to weddings.
Once, we didn’t plan to take the gift to the wedding. The drive was a few hours from where we both lived, and I didn’t want to pack their gift only for them to drive it right back home. I brought the card but was too embarrassed to put it with the others. What if they read, “your gift is at our house!” and thought we didn’t actually get them a gift??
Sometimes I had gifts shipped to me so I could add my own card. The “this is a gift!” messages included in packages from online orders feel often like an afterthought to me, and I’ve always wanted a better option.
What about the times when you need a quick gift on the fly? It’s clear – people like gift cards!
They can treat themselves in whatever way they see fit. What people most often don’t like about gift cards is that they can feel impersonal.
Ultimately, I wanted a way to send a gift card inside a greeting card that still felt really special.
5. Yes, I am thoroughly obsessed with paper
I have journaled, sketched, drawn, and painted regularly my whole life. Since I was young, I have never met an office-supply aisle or paper store I didn’t love. Back-to-school shopping was a veritable pilgrimage. I love creating art of different mediums, but I’ve always been drawn to paper-craft – papier-mâché, scrapbooking, stamping, collage, and more.
In high school, I directed a play called One Thousand Paper Cranes (based on this children’s book). We folded dozens of 3 ft tall origami cranes to hang from the rafters and folded thousands more small cranes to spread throughout the auditorium. It was a pretty spectacular sight.
Now, I go into any stationery store I pass, just to feel different paper weights and grains. It’s almost too easy to lose track of time in art stores looking for the perfect sketchbook or paper medium for a new creation.
This obsession with paper guided us when sourcing paper for our cards and envelopes. We have high standards of what feels special to open, read, and keep!
6. Connection sparks joy
Writing a card to someone is an act of love. It says, “you’re important to me.” It’s time, energy, and feeling dedicated to another person.
Reading words from a friend or a loved one makes you feel closer to one another.
So many of us love a good card or letter. A 2020 survey found that 80% of people feel that social media can’t replace the same feeling of greeting cards, and the majority surveyed preferred receiving a card more than the same message via text.
In college, I tried to check my mail only once a week. My heart sped up turning the key to my small, metal box. Seeing an envelope tucked in there waiting to be read made my heart soar!
TL;DR: I started PS Post because I love the feeling of sending and receiving mail. I wanted to help people feel special, seen, surprised, and delighted during a simple, everyday moment like checking the mail.
Helping you bring joy to people you love through the mail? This is the best job in the world.
Thanks for being here, and for loving mail alongside us.
SWAK,
Keller Anne",PSPost
271,https://pspost.co/why-letter-writing-is-an-art-thats-not-even-close-to-dead/,"Sometimes all it takes to win someone over, resolve an argument, or express deep appreciation is to sit down and write a personal letter from the heart. Though traditional letter-writing has taken a back seat to sending texts and tiktoks, there is still something so special about writing and receiving handwritten letters or physical cards in your mailbox. You might think it takes practice writing letters, but the more important thing to do is to just start writing.
Read some reasons for why you should write and how to write a letter to someone special.
How to start a personal letter:
A personal letter should be just that, personal. Start off by addressing the recipient in a way that is appropriate, whether that be a casual nickname or other friendly salutation.
How to write a personal business letter:
Business letters should follow the formal business-letter format, even if they are personal. Formal business-letter format includes being left-justified, single-spaced, with New Times Roman size 12 font. The tone of the letter should be polite and clear.
How to write a personal thank you letter:
The best written thank you letters are specific about why you are grateful—how you needed the help, how you used the gift, or how you appreciated the favor. Start off your letter with a “Thank you for… “ and then detail why you are appreciative.
How to write a personal letter to a friend:
There are many things to say to your best friend that might bring a smile to their face. If you haven’t communicated with that friend in a while, write about what is new in your life—a funny family anecdote, your garden plans, job updates, or even the latest neighborhood gossip. If it’s a birthday letter to your best friend, remind them of memories together from previous years or any hopes you have for their next trip around the sun.
Keep an eye out for best friend appreciation day coming up on June 8, 2022, an anniversary, or a particular holiday to seize the opportunity and write a special letter to someone to let them know you’re thinking about them.
P.S. The art of letter writing is celebrated at PS Post, where we help to make mailing a card with a sweet message to someone a little bit easier. Visit PSPost.co, pick out a card, type your personal message, and let us take it from there!",PSPost
272,https://pspost.co/writing-tips-and-inspiration/,"Holidays & Celebrations, Writing Tips & Inspiration3 Examples of What to Write in a Graduation Card Posted on May 12, 2022March 21, 2023 by Caitlin Spring graduations can be the perfect time to stop and celebrate not only everything a person has accomplished so far but also all that is in store for them in the future. Continue reading →",PSPost
